So not sure if anyone has thought about this yet but With shorter quarters i am removing most full priced guns from my team. Under priced premo’s & mid pricers are the go now. Cant wait to sideways Jacobs > Grundy in 5 rounds time! You have to bat deep…. Good Luck Mate Mate if games are 20% shorter, it means players will probably score around 20% less meaning full priced players have bugger all chance of hitting BE’s. Underpriced premo’s & the right mid pricers should still rise in value. No way im paying 900k for a guy guaranteed to drop 150-200k in a months time. Also means they can stay on the ground longer and continue to rack up points… Go Read RDT email they have made changes to help combat that,,, Good Luck 1… Viney, zmerret and Greenwood 2. Cripps, Danger/Bont and westhoff? 3. Cripps, viney and dusty? 1 2 or 3. 1 just worried about cripps, plays around 90% game time each season to get his scores.. Where as merrett plays around 75% or somewhere around that and scores more. different looking season so hard to make choices right now haha 1. Grundy, Cerra, McAsey (Starc d7) or. Jacobs, Crisp, Cumming (McAsey d7) Merrett, Jacobs and Sturt (on field) or Adams, Naismith and Petrecca 2 but I’d go Hopper over Adams Cripps and dusty or zmerret and patracca? Feel free to join: CA3YD7WT Anyone know the codes of Dt Talk public leagues? 284512 RDT RDT league need filling 284512. Cheers lads, stay well! I’ve seen a few people saying they’re offloading full priced guns due to shorter quarters.. have shorter quarters been locked in or is this just speculation? Can easily just trade a full priced player once the shorter quarters come in for a Selwood/Ward like type when it comes to it but surely you still start with them now if you were always intending on doing so? If anything, I thought due to the shorter season you would want more of the Uber premiums since you have left time to upgrade to them Quarters are 16min in length with time on, so still likely to last 24-25mins total. Everyone’s saying that they’re trading premos due to shorter quarter. Their BE’s aren’t a specific number, it was discussed by Warnie on his Twitter than their BE is relative to points scored throughout the whole week. Thus, everyone should be scoring less due to shorter quarters meaning the drop isn’t as bad as first thought. I believe there will be a small drop but not 200k drop Let em trade their premos under their false belief. ENough info has come out about the BE calculations. But it has brough NicNat into my calculations as he only plays about 12minutes a quarter which probably won’t change much (from 60% game time to 75%) 1. Cripps and dusty or 2. zmerret and patracca? Cripps and Dusty by a mile for me because I think Cripps is more explosive then ZMerret and petracca could score 100 one week and score 60 the next he is not very consistent and normally does well in marsh series then spuds out when the season starts What’s the benefit of going #2…? Are you gaining money to upgrade somewhere else? If it means you get a Whitfield/Grundy type operator in your side then still probably no. #1 is Taylor Adams an option or is it to much risk with injury Which one is better 1 Tom green, dusty and starcevich 2 Dunkley/bont, Budarick and starcevich 3 crisp, Tom green and Budarick Am I crazy? DEF: Crisp, Smith, Houston, Docherty, Roberton, Madgen, (Gould, Williams) MID: Dunkley, Cogs, Cripps, Titch, McGrath, Rowell, Green, Pickett, (Sharp, Brown) RUCK: ROB, Jacobs, (Cameron) FWD: Whitfield, Petracca, Ceglar, Brayshaw, Brander, Taylor, (Cavarra, King) UTILITY: Budarick I don’t think it is too crazy! Considering you don’t have Grundy do you think it is nearly worth you going ROB to naismith to free up even more cash? Just food for thought Stoked there is footy tonight. Back in the Fantasy game after 2 years in the wilderness. Join my league: WM4ACNY9 Stephens/Noah Anderson + Cameron (R3) Or Sturt + Naismith (R3) 284512 RDT Leagues to fill…738516…794917….360371… BRING IT ON… Haydos… toss a coin between 1&2, similar scoring, potential higher ceiling. Anyone want to join a last minute league? code is 33PNAXDF 1. Greenwood, patracca and nic Nat Or 2. Dusty, deven Smith and naismith? 1 or 2 Hey guys, last minute thoughts on this team? DEF – Smith, Houston, Doc, Howe, Roberton, Gould (Greaves, Mclennan) MID – Macrae, Danger, Cogs, Titch, Viney, Rowell, Green, Pickett (Brown, Budarick) RUCK – Jacobs, Naismith (Cameron) FWD – Whitfield, Dusty, Smith, Greenwood, Brayshaw, Taylor (King, Sturt) UTL – 170k Appreciate any feedback thanks Quite similar to my team except I have Sauce, Cripps and Brander instead of Naismith, Viney and Smith. I like yours a bit better but I’m just too scared to go Naismith even though I do think he is going to perform well and generate cash. Main thing I’m trying to figure out right now is if I trust Greenwood enough to keep him in or should I go Petracca. Tough decisions! Looking for some final thoughts and advice going into R1. A lot of deliberating but I’ve decided to go with a more set and forget mid/ruck, with a forwardline and defence predominantly filled with (hopefully) cash-generating mid-pricers. DEF: BSmith, Houston, Docherty, Roberton, Ash, Gould (B Williams, T Watson) MID: Macrae, Danger, Coniglio, Cripps, Titch, Rowell, T Green, Pickett (Budarick, McHenry) RUC: Grundy, Jacobs (Cameron) FWD: Whitfield, Dusty, Greenwood, Brayshaw, Brander, Taylor (King, Rankine) UTL: Xerri Heard Rankine has had an injury setback aswell, any 170k forwards I could swap him out for? Cavarra? Ash and Gould are out. And Rankine. 1. Greenwood, patracca and nic Nat Or 2. Dusty, deven Smith and naismith? 1 or 2. Zac Langdon or Schultz? Pick 1 Sicily Haynes Greenwood Petracca? 1. Devon Smith and Viney 2. Petracca and Taylor Adams 3. Petracca and someone who is less then 773k but who? What option fellas 1. Whitfield and Jacobs 2. Petracca and Gawn Also 3. Anderson, Naismith (R3) and McGrath 4. McInerney (bench for Pickett), Cameron (R3) and Adams Absolutely love ya if you can help with this. will also help you in return if needed Afl Fantasy league code SYHNC67K Pick 1 Sicily Haynes Greenwood Petracca?. Pick 1 Schultz Zerk-thacher Patton Lukosius Lukosius Best combo 1. Nick Haynes, budirck and zmerret 2. Nick Haynes, Patton and viney 3. Nick Haynes, Schultz and Adams 4. Sicily, Schultz and viney 1 2 3 or 4 Arghhhh conflicted …. B.Smith and C> Petracca …. OR .. Sicily and MacPherson Hey Guys, would youse be able to help me find away to get Naismith at R3 whilst keeping the Grundy Gawn combo? Absolute legend if you can Remaining: 16k DEF: Crisp, Houston, Doc, Roberton, Ash, Starcevich (Watson, Greaves) MID: Dunk, Fyfe, Cogs, Cripps, Mitchell, Rowell, Stephens, Green (Pickett, Brown) RUC: Grundy, Gawn (Xerri) FED: Whit, Greenwood, Brayshaw, Schultz, Brander, Taylor (Rankine, King) UTL: Budarick Cheers guys Easy mate Crisp – Brodie Smith Trade Stephens to Jeremy sharp & put Pickett on the ground That should get it done Cheers for your help, Swallow in an interview didn’t seem confident in sharp debuting R1 however. With the schedule being crammed could get an early debut? Thank you. Looking good. Crisp to Smith Fyfe to any of Lyons, D.Smith, Worpel, Steele, Walsh or McCluggage Best combo 1. Josh kelly and Greenwood or 2. Devon smith and cripps 3. Devon smith and Adams? 1 2 or 3 2,1,3 is the order for me AFL Season cut to 17 games. Does AFL fantasy even go ahead? Prizes changed? What does it mean for byes? I think the traders have already abandon ship and left the rest of us to fend for ourselves. Draft leagues are shot to pieces. If the the commissioner can still alter settings…maybe ? The good from the bad is that at least the AFL is now fair..each team plays each other once. My team: DEF Crisp, Houston, Docherty, Cerra, Lukosius, Roberton (Starcevich, Williams) MID Macrae, Whitfield, Dangerfield, Coniglio, Mitchell, Rowell, Anderson, Pickett (Robertson, Sharp) RUC Jacobs, Naismith (Cameron) FWD Steven, MacPherson, Brayshaw, Smith, Patton, Schultz (King, Rankine) UTL C.Taylor Best combo 1. Grundy and patracca or 2. Whitfield and Sam Jacobs? Controversial to popular thought, but I think #2 is better. Commissioners can alter settings in draft. I changed to…. play each other once/ byes on/ final four. This should work as I have small draft leagues. It took the tech. boffins almost 3 weeks to get my C and Vc buttons to work …so how are they going to cope with this ? Hey Guys, thought I’de wait to the last week to release my league. Anyone is welcome, the code is NJXCLKFD. Note to all beginner players, feel free to join but there may be some more experienced players in the league. Just a good option for anyone stuck without a league. Hope anyone that joins enjoys! Join this fantasy league W5VAARJM OK, which one, Greenwood or Cegler? I’m looking for a forward option that isn’t Macpherson, Steven, Smith, Brayshaw, haha. uhhhh greenwood > ceglar but also other options than the ones you listed include parish / ainsworth / hoskin-elliot & rozee. overall i’d recommend picking brayshaw / greenwood from the ones you’ve listed because they should leave you with some extra cash, all things considered. go with your gut. well new strat for me, was happy with my team, but being cut 5 rounds means midpricemadness for me. Sucks i haven’t had time to watch all the midpricers as i wasn’t sold on them beforehand RDT, this is the team I feel…. BACKS. Crisp, Smith, Docherty, Roberton, Ash, McAsey.(Watson, Gould.) MIDS. Macrae, Merrett, Coniglio, Mitchell,Yeo, Houston, Rowell, Green. (Pickett, Sharp, Budarick.) RUCKS. Grundy, Jacobs. (Conroy.) FWDS. Whitfield, Smith, Brayshaw, Steven, Brander, Georgiades. (Rankine, King.) $98,600 left over…. all thoughts appreciated… this team goes well over the cap? No it doesn’t, this RDT…. and it is a good team, except that Steven won’t be playing so I have traded him out for Greenwood… Hi Everyone The below AFL FANTASY league has just been created for players that have finished in the top 3000 in Supercoach or AFL Fantasy. League of Gentleman CODE: MDAK56WL I have finished top 1000 over the last couple years and am looking for players of similar playing ability and experience Does this get me a gig?….. ROUND 21 PRIZE WINNER Congratulation to Greg* from QLD, the Round 21 Weekly winner Greg’s team The Chosen Won had the highest score of 2583, Winning the weekly cash prize. *Prize winner subject to verifcation. Good Luck™®© See you in there ;) I’m also filling up the last few spots of a league: V2WZC9J6 Grundy and Hayden Young (if he plays) Or English and Haynes I want to captain Whitfield round 1 so is it worth paying up for Grundy not to captain him in R1? What would you guys pick here 1. Grundy and Patton 2. Jacobs and Whitfield 2. I am Menegola ©™ Good Luck™®© Have $37k left with a utility player to come. Any suggestions to delete/add to fit under salary cap? Thanks…. DEF : Docherty, Crisp, Laird, Roberton, Ash, H. Young ( Gould, Brander) MID : Macrae, Whitfield, Neale, Coniglio, Mitchell, Rowell, Dylan Stephens, Pickett (Tom Green, Deven Robertson) RUCK : Grundy, Jacobs (Darcy Cameron) FWD : Greene, Martin, Brayshaw, Townsend, Georgiades, Rankine ( King, Curtis Taylor) I like it but most sides would look good with an extra $133k in the kitty:-P To free up some cash maybe Greene or Dusty down to Viney (moving Whitfield forward) I also think Houston in must have in defence so Crisp or Laird down to him Thanks, Tinkerer. Good ideas. Get rid of Townsend. If he plays he will be sitting forward like he did in the Marsh games. Anyone want to join a league with competitive players? League Code: WFPK9S5R Callan Ward was hyped up leading up to Marsh, but is now nowhere to be seen. Any reason for that? Injured TEAM NAME: Guns, Value, Rooks Remaining: $6,000 Def: B.Smith, D.Houston, S.Docherty, D.Roberton, L.Ash, H.Young (B.Williams, T.Watson) Mid: J.Macrae, Z.Merrett, C.Oliver, S.Coniglio, T.Mitchel, M.Rowell, T.Green, M.Pickett (N.McHenry, T.Brown) Ruc: B.Grundy, S.Jacobs (T.Xerri) Fwd: L.Whitfield, J.Steven, H.Greenwood, A.Brayshaw, J.Brander, C.Taylor (I.Rankine, M.King) Utility: C.Budarick Pretty happy with this but thoughts appreciated. Inevitably I’ll probably need to turn Oliver > Viney (+$175k) and/or Grundy > Gawn (+$90k) to pay up for some better rooks Hey crew, it appears a lot of people are too preoccupied with stockpiling supplies rather than rejoin league from last year. So I have quite a few spots left – 9D74YJZN. Open for all! Dunk + Cameron (R3) vs Steele/Adams + Naismith (R3) Cheers xx Normally this time of year the rate my team page is so packed, this year its a ghost town.. where is everyone? Maybe people are realising this isnt the year to take things too serious, so much luck involved in this season coming up it might just be about having fun and not overthinking things Hey guys, I need some help with this… Option #1 Ruck: Grundy, Jacobs, Naismith + Zerk Thatcher (D6) + Noah Anderson (M7) + Patton (F4) + 170k (F5) Option #2 Ruck: Jacobs, Naismith, Cameron + 170k (will gould gets moved from bench to D6) + Marcus Bontempelli (M2) + Christian Petracca (F3) + Jacob Townsend (F5) Stuck in conflict between the 2. Option 1 has no rookies on field in defence but my forward seems a little bit weak but forward is the spot with the best rookies. Option 2 looks a lot better except for the loss of Grundy. What do you guys think??? Thanks in advance for anyone who helps! Best midpricer pick 1? Greenwood Wingard Petracca Westhoff Jack Martin Petracca, Greenwood are the best all others are irrelevant in my opinion Greenwood the best of a bad bunch C’mon already! Put me out of my misery – one way or another Danger/Cogs V Dunk/Cripps?? Thoughts on the team lads? DEF: Crisp, Houston, Doc, Roberton, Ash, Starcevich ( Williams, Watson) MID: Dunkley, Cogs, Cripps, Mitchell, Hopper, Rowelll, Pickett, Anderson. RUC: Grundy, Jacobs (Xerri) FWD: Whitfield, Steven, Greenwood, Brayshaw, Brander, Budarick ( King, Taylor) UTIL: Valente Anything I should look at changing? Steven, hes unlikely to be named got some spare spots in my AF and RDT league’s feel free to join 502324 rdt S7CYD7KP Fantasy AF FULL What do people think of this team? DEF: Smith, Sicily, Houston, Doch, Roberton, Gould, (Williams, Watson) MID: Dunkley, Cogs, Cripps, Titch, McGrath, Rowell, Green, Pickett, (Starcevich, Brown) RUCK: Grundy, Jacobs, (Xerri) FWD: Whitfield, MacPherson, Ceglar, Brayshaw, Brander, Taylor, (Rankine, King) UTILITY: Budarick will shultz play?? Hey guy! Had to drastically change tactics from guns and rooks to midprice mayhem due to 5 less rounds to finish my team Remaining: 28k DEF: Smith, Houston, Doc, Birch, Roberton, Brander (Starcevich, Watson) MID: Dunk, Cogs, Cripps, Titch, McGrath, Rowell, Stephens, Green (Pickett, Brown) RUC: Grundy, Jacobs (Cameron) FWD: Whit, Greenwood, Tracca, Brayshaw, Bewley, Taylor (Rankine, King) UTL: Budarick Would love thoughts and help on my team as I haven’t had much time to think of midpricers and back myself in! Cheers guys Pick 1 Jack Martin Greenwood Petracca? Brayshaw Pick 1 Z merret Gaff Danger Cripps Cripps Order: Cripps, Merrett, Gaff, Danger Best combo 1. Adams, viney and dusty 2. Adams, zmerret and Greenwood 3. Viney, zmerret and Greenwood 4. Cripps, Danger/Bont and westhoff? 1 2 3 or 4 3/4 for me. I cant trust Adams’ body DEF: Houston, Ryan, Haynes, Doch, Cerra, Noble (Williams, Watson) MID: Mitchell, Brodie, Viney, Wingard, Mcgrath, Smith, Narkle, Hatley (Picket, Brown) RUC: Jacobs, Naismith (Cameron) FOR: Parish, Greenwood, SPP, Rozee, Brayshaw, Bewley (Rankine, King) UTL: Budarick decided to make a midpriced madness team, what do you blokes reckon ? Be good for a top 80-90k finish Thoughts? Pending teams this is likely what I’ll go into r1 with I reckon. 55k remaining DEF: Crisp, Smith, Houston, Docherty, Roberton, Brander (Williams, Watson) MID: Macrae, Dunkley, Coniglio, Mitchell, Hately, Rowell, Green, Pickett (PSharp, McHenry) RUC: Jacobs, Naismith (Xerri) FOR: Whitfield, D.Martin, Greenwood, Petracca, Brayshaw, Taylor (Rankine, King) UTL: Budarick What do we think of this team? Def – Crisp, Smith, Houston, Docherty, Roberton, Starcevich (Williams, Goddard) Mid – Macrae, Dunkley, Coniglio, T Mitchell, Viney, Rowell, Pickett (Anderson, Green) Ruck – Grundy, Naismith (D Cameron) Forward – Whitfield, Brayshaw, Schultz, Townsend, C Taylor, M King (Xerri, Rankine) UTL – Budarick Dunno whether I should choose: Grundy / N Anderson Or J Stevens / S Jacobs (ruck) Steven probably won’t play R1. Join my AFL Fantasy League DTTalk exclusive only. League Code: SAWCACTY 1. Viney, zmerret and Greenwood 2. Cripps, Danger/Bont and westhoff? 3. Cripps, viney and dusty? 1 2 or 3 Would love any opinions on this side: DEF: Smith, Weller, Houston, Doc, Noble, Roberton (Brander, Starcevich) MID: Macrae, Cogs, Mitchell, Viney, Hately, Rowell, Anderson, Pickett (Sharp, Budarick) RUC: Jacobs, Naismith (Cameron) FWD: Whitfield, Smith, Steven, Ceglar, Brayshaw, Taylor (King, Rankine) Going against Grundy for value. If Ash is named R1 will downgrade Noble to him and upgrade elsewhere. Any feedback is welcome :) G’day mate, I would consider working patton ruc/fwd into your forward line so you can use the utility (pick a fwd rook) to swap him into the ruck in case Jacobs or Naismith miss a game somehow. Scratch that comment just noticed ceglar soz What do we think of this team? Honest thoughts on this pls… D – Houston, Crisp, Brander, Starcevich, Docherty, Roberton. Bench – Gould, Goddard M – Rowell, Titch, Cripps, Neale, Macrae, Dunkley, Cogs, M Pickett. Bench – McHenry, Bytel Ruck – Naitanui, Jacobs. Bench – D Cameron F – Steven, Brayshaw, Townsend, Whitfield, C Taylor, Patton. Bench – M King, Rankine. 15K left.. Let me know what ya think! Terrible in every way, hope that helps What do we think of this team? Honest thoughts on this pls… D – Houston, Crisp, Brander, Starcevich, Docherty, Roberton. Bench – Williams, Goddard M – Rowell, Titch, Cripps, Neale, Macrae, Dunkley, Cogs, M Pickett. Bench – McHenry, Bytel Ruck – Naitanui, Jacobs. Bench – D Cameron F – Steven, Brayshaw, Townsend, Whitfield, C Taylor, Patton. Bench – M King, Rankine. U – N Anderson Let me know what ya think Made two changes earlier, forgot about that soz! This is the full team I have now Try and repost your team in price order mate. It’s easier to read that way. Midf is super weak,4 rookies is way to much,2 or 3 max nice team, mate the rucks are a little bit risky. check out ” afl fantasy 69″ on youtube and subscribe to him, he has the best vids anyway love the team!! Hey guys, honestly stumped on what structure I should head into round 1 with. Here’s what I’ve got currently: DEF: Smith, Houston, Docherty, Roberton, Young, Brander (Starcevich, 170k) MID: Dunkley, Oliver, Coniglio, Mitchell, Rowell, Anderson, Green, Pickett (170k, 170k) RUC: Grundy, Gawn (Cameron) FWD: Whitfield, Walters, Macpherson, Brayshaw, Patton, Budarick (King, Taylor, Xerri) $$$: 34,000 I don’t mind the backline, and am fairly confident in the premiums I have picked, just as I said before, the actual structure of things isn’t something I’m set on. Also, rookies are doing my head in. Your not going to get 170k mid rookies so pay up boy First crisis “avoided” This is the Final List until teams Drop. DEF LaiRd DocH CeRRA WATTS RobeRtOn StaRcEvicH (brander watson) MID DUNKleY MCrouCh MitChelL HoPPeR WalsH HatELy RoWell PiCKett (mahoney budarick) RUCK GrunDy JacoBs (willaims) FWD WhitfieLd DusTY BrawsHaw ScHulTz LanDoN TaylOr (king cameron) Thrown Hately into the mix as i think he gets Taranto role. Also want to get Hanners in …..Maybe. Solid line up man Mids are looking a little on the weak side Yes on paper i agree. Hopper will put up good numbers and make cash as will walsh. HAtely could become green and upgrade hopper to a keeper.? Waiting Game Now. Love to hear your thoughts on my team DEF: BrSmith, Houston, Docherty, Roberton, BZT, Ash (Williams, Watson) MID: Macrae, Gaff, Merrett, Mitchell, McGrath, Rowell, Green,Pickett (Robertson, North) RUCK: Grundy, Jacobs (Xerri) FWD: Whitfield,DSmith, Brayshaw,BaSmith, Townsend, Taylor (Davis, King) Utility: Starcevich Opinions on Hately & Steven or Viney & Rowbottom I’d back Hately and Steven over the other 2. So with the likely hood of the season being suspended as teams & players arent happy playing without crowds, what are we all going to do with our time… I hope it continues regardless but I do think any player who comes down with coronavirus should be a free trade I reckon all the clubs should embrace each other and sing viva forever – spice girls. Oh and another thing, I hope it causes a zombie outbreak Your a flog Hawk I am the Real Menegola ©™ Good Luck™®© Would love an opinion on the below: Def: Smith, Doch, Houston, Roberton, Ash, Gould (Starcevich, Watson) Mid: Macrae, Cogs, Cripps, Titch, Rowell, Pickett, Anderson, Green (Brown, Sharp) Ruck: Grundy, Jacobs (Cameron) Fwd: Whitfield, Walters, Macpherson, Steven, Brayshaw, Taylor (Davis, King, Budarick) What do we think of this team? Honest thoughts on this pls… I have already shown this team earlier, but I was told to do this in number order as it is easier to read. D – Crisp, Houston, Docherty, Roberton, Brander, Starcevich. Bench – Williams, Goddard M – Macrae, Dunkley, Neale, Coniglio, Cripps, T Mitchell, Rowell, Pickett Bench – McHenry, Bytel Ruck – Jacobs, Naitanui Bench – D Cameron F – Whitfield, Steven, Brayshaw, Patton, Townsend, Taylor Bench – M King, Rankine. U – N Anderson Let me know ya think! Very expensive premiums in macrae, dunkley, neale. I personally like to find a little more value in atleast m2 and m3 where i think the player will increase about 10-15 points on their current average. This way you can set up more of a contingency plan as well as invest that money elsewhere. Must think the long game and there is a good chance macrae and dunks will lose value and you will get them cheaper throughout the year. def: smith, houston, clark, docherty, roberton, young mid: macrae, dunkley, gaff, cognilio, titch, rowell, mchenry, pickett ruck: grundy, jacobs fwd: whitfield, macpherson, brayshaw, jones, king, rankine utility starcevich $15k left any tips or improvement? would love opinions on my team DEF: Laird, Houston, Docherty, Roberton, Young, Gould (Starcevich, B Williams) MID: Macrae, Neale, coniglio, Mitchell, Hannebery, Rowell, Serong, Pickett (T Brown, N McHenry) RUCK: Grundy, Jacobs (D Cameron) FWD: Whitfield, Greenwood, Petracca, Brayshaw, Jones, Georgiades (M King, I Rankine) U: Luke Valentine Defence is solid! ✅ Midfield: would be weary of Hannebery and Serong. Would be thinking about Anderson due to JS Ruck: Standard ✅ Forward: be weary of Jones and Georgiades. Would go more of a rookie With Jones and Use the extra $$ on Hannebery thanks mate appreciate it Wanted anyone’s opinion Option 1) M5 Hately M9 Green R2 Naismith Option 2) M5 Wingard M9 (170k Mid) R2 Naismith Option 3) M5 Viney M9 Green R2 (170k Ruc – Cameron or Xerri) 1 Sorry I meant Wanted anyone’s opinion Option 1) M5 Hately M9 Green R3 Naismith Option 2) M5 Wingard M9 (170k Mid) R3 Naismith Option 3) M5 Viney M9 Green R3 (170k Ruc – Cameron or Xerri) You may as well all stop posting your teams as I have the winning team already Dammit Euman, i was about to post my team but now ive just gone & deleted it & removed my entry for 2020. Congratulations bud ??? Thanks mate Happy Final Week of Preseason folks. Created a league for anyone who’s keen to join: V2WZC9J6 Extra points if you have a team name inspired by a mediocre 90s footballer. This year I’ve gone with “Dance Monkhorsts”. Damian Monkhorst was mediocre? 1990 still hurts yeah bruh? Haha no he was a beast… I should have said classic 90s players. is Lukosius the real deal? priced at almost 10 points less than cerra, is he a better alternative?? real concern is he becomes more of a lock down type when the suns come up against some better opposition. Brah!! There whole back 6 have that lockdown type of game play, cause they are a crap team. To be honest I have him in my team DPP brah. Solid finish to last year, solid marsh series, 2 wins brah. Will swing forward and back and play a Lloyd type roll brah. Draft question, who would you rather take with pick, J.Kelly or Gawn? No doubt Gawn OK guys, need your thoughts on this team… RDT. BACKS. Crisp, Smith, Docherty, Houston, Roberton, McAsey. (Gould, Williams.) MIDS. Macrae, Merrett, Coniglio, Mitchell, Yeo, Rowell, Anderson, Green.(Pickett, Sharp, Budarick.) RUCKS. Grundy, Jacobs. (Convoy.) FWDS. Whitfield, Greenwood, Smith, Brayshaw, Brander, Taylor.(Georgiades, King.) have only $4,500 left in the Bank, but think I have a even spread of players…. Looking to fill up a league (Code W6XWY6ER) Suitable for new or intermediate standard Would appreciate any comments on my team Running with 7 rookies (5 on field) in the mids. DEF: Laird, Houston, Docherty, Lukosius, Roberton, I Cumming (Gould, Watson) MID: Macrae, Coniglio, Mitchell, Rowell, Anderson, Tom Green, Sharp, Pickett (Stephens, Robertson) RUCK: Grundy, Jacobs (Naismith) FWD: Whitfield, D Smith, D Martin, Brayshaw, Townsend, Taylor (M King, I Rankine) U: Buderick $286k left over Honestly, it doesn’t feel like your team is that much better everywhere else considering the hit you’ve taken in the midfield, apart from the extra forward premium Not entirely happy but it’s close to what I was looking for. Thoughts : DEF: B Smith, Haynes, Docherty, Lukosius, Roberton, B Zerk-Thatcher (Gould, Watson) MID: Bontempelli, Yeo, Cripps, Mitchell, Viney, Rowell, Ash, Pickett (Sharp, T Brown) RUCK: Jacobs, English (Naismith) FWD: Whitfield, D Smith, D Martin, And Brayshaw, Brander, Taylor (M King, Budarick) U: Starcevich $32 left over Damo stop fretting. The season wont get completed. It wont even make week 4. Relax. Spend time with family, have a beer before pubs close. I have put together a draft for tonight 9pm. 10 Teams (3,4,1,3/4 format) league code N6UXKEHA Feel free to join. Dont bother. Season will not get completed. I’m with you on this One. Sources in Europe have shown the unaffected being eaten by the affected. Imagine the first game being played on Thursday night and only half disembark the G after it. That would actually be interesting.. New Keeper League (6, 8, 1, 6) on Ultimate Footy. Four spots left, all welcome. https://www.ultimatefooty.com.au/158602/ See most sides are rolling with Macrae at M1..Thoughts on Bont as M1? Nah.. Anyone else having trouble joining fantasy league teams, put in code and all you get is, sorry bla bla bla. I think it’s becuase of the coronavirus bud! Remember government officials have banned gatherings and groups, which means they don’t want multiple people in the same area. Mabye you should read the news a bit Damo.. suggestions lukosius to Ash similar scoring more $ to gain, English to Jacobs similar scoring although Jacobs maybe a bit better & more $, Anderson for mid. More $ in war chest. Thanks Cambpell for your advise, I don’t read the news Much becuase mabye I’m a bit dyslexic or not very smrat. Living in a bubble and talking about the same 40 players for 5 months. How many of you have won anything doing that? Best forward under 311K??? Townsend,Taylor, Schultz if under Brayshaw or Petracca? Brayshaw. Slightly cheaper and has a good ceiling. Petracca has same ceiling but aside from Marsh1 hasn’t translated this into his game consistently yet. Both are great picks though. Thanks Bomber Basically locked into going with this side round 1 Def: B Smith, Houston, Doch, Roberton, Ash, H Young (Gould, Williams) Mid: Dunkley, Coniglio, Mitchell, Viney, McGrath, Rowell, Green, Pickett (N Anderson, T Brown) Ruck: Grundy, Jacobs (Naismith) Fwd: Whitfield, Steven, Greenwood, Brayshaw, Schultz, Taylor (Budarick, Brander) Utl: Sharp I think it’s worth paying up for rookies on the bench like Anderson and Gould this year with limited $170s around. Also considering going Schultz and Greenwood to Lukosius and Bailey Smith but the rest is pretty much locked. Thoughts? Be careful having the 2 mid pricers (Viney and McGrath) in the midfield. Going to be difficult to upgrade both of them And the 3 rookies in field to Uber Premiums by seasons end. You are essentially banking on 1-2 of those to stay the whole season for you. To be honest I am actually thinking the same way. But it would take a Gusty person to play that way. 18 team league available for those equivalent to weekend golfers………..know how to pay but aren’t very good at it, hehe K9SRN7YA The Schultz hype real? Not really, he got 4 goals in M1 and 2 in M2 that pushed up his score. He’s going to have some spud scores when he doesn’t get on the scoresheet. Hannebery or Petracca? Evening Lads! DEF: Crisp, Smith, Houston, Docherty, Roberton, Ash (Gould, Brander) MID: Macrae, Cogs, Cripps, Mitchell, Viney, Rowell, Green, Pickett (Starcevich, McHenry) RUCK: Jacobs, Naismith (Williams) FWD: Whitfield, Greenwood, Petracca, Ceglar, Brayshaw, Taylor (Rankine, King) Cash: $15k Thoughts on this side? Or do I go Smith down to McLennan and field Brander in defence and Ceglar to Steven to get Jacobs to Grundy? Thoughts appreciated Mate i think you probably need grundy. I would downgrade one of those defenders One classic league spot left 3C53S2SD Get ON! full Pick one: Hopper, McCluggage, Ross Ross Thoughts on my side? Schultz or Bewley?? Thanks in advance Def: Smith, Houston, Doch, Roberton, Ash, Brander (Gould, Watson) Mid: Macrae, Dunk, Danger, Cogs, Titch, Rowell, Green, Pickett (Anderson, Budarick) Ruc: Grundy, Naismith (Xerri) Fwd: Whitfield, Steven, Ceglar, Brayshaw, Schultz, Taylor (Rankine, King) Utility: Davis Bewley for me mate My leagues for senior citizens still need some coaches: Old Fogies’ Fantasy 4RSWS9VK) needs one more team and RDT Old Fogies (974705) needs six more teams. At this late date the leagues are open to all comers despite the disadvantage younger players may have…..Good luck. Merrett or brouch or Dunkley ??M2 Dunkley What does Ash’s and Green’s Job Security look like guys?? I’m interested also. not good I would like to think short term until Taranto and Z Williams return. Short term ahaha taranto is out for 4 months and williams has no return date so not long term i would think for green atleast Backs- smith, Houston, doc, Roberton, zerk, Gould Bench Brander, Watson Mids- Macrae, Dunkley, cogs, tich, green, Pickett, Rowell, Anderson Bench Robertson,starcevich Rucks- Grundy, jacobs Xerri Fwd- Whitfield, Martin, Smith, Brayshaw, bewely, Taylor Bench Rankie, king Ult- budarick 12k left Too expensive in the fwd line one of the better teams ive seen. not sure gould will play tho Backs – Smith, Houston, Doc, Roberton, Ash, Mcasey (Brander, Starcevich) Mids – Bont, Coniglio, Cripps, Titch, Viney, Rowell, Green, Pickett (Budarick, Sharp) Rucks – Grundy, Jacobs (Williams) Forwards – Whitfield, Steven, Greenwood, Brayshaw, Patton, Taylor (King, Rankine) Got about 40k left. May upgrade viney depending on what rookies get named. Any thoughts? Don’t mind this side, although not keen on Patton. Keep an eye on Ash also, might not be there round 1. If Green isn’t named round 1 go Anderson mate. Good team, but I’m going with no Grundy. Reckon he’ll drop in price and be a better bargain later in the season. Played this tactic last year and it worked well for me. I’m having trouble finding the league codes for my leagues, any idea where to find them? Cheers. Here’s some leagues for those interested. SuperCoach DT Talk 2020: 487571 Sportsdeck Dream Team DT Talk 20: 861045 DT Talk Carlton 20: 794760 AFL Fantasy DT Talk Carlton 2020: Can’t find the league code anywhere on the site or app. SuperCoach DT Talk Carlton: 655341 Crisp, B. Smith, Houston, Doc, Roberton, Brander (Greaves, McLennan) Yeo, Oliver, Cogs, Cripps, Titch, Pickett, Rowell, Green (Robertson, Sharp) Jacobs, Naismith (Cameron) Whits, D. Smith, MacP, Brayshaw, Ranking, Taylor (Davis, King) U: Buderick 161K left Go your hardest, need the help! First time I’ve asked for it. Happy to comment on others. great team, love it, if it was me i would spend up in the mids to get to a macare, kelly, dunks. other then that i would either go brander to cumming or davis to like a patton. but thats up to u Not bad at all. Probably won’t get many massive captain scores but some solid 100 players there to do the job. Smith, Doc, Houston, Roberton, Young, Brander (Gould, Bianco) Neale, Mitchell, Coniglio, Cripps, Bonts, Rowell, Green, Deven Robertson (Serong, Pickett) O’Brien, Jacobs (Naismith) Steven, Wingard, A. Brayshaw, Rozee, Shultz, Poholke (Rankine, King) U – Anderson Thoughts? FWDs are a gamble. Stevens could go either way. A few mid-pricers hoping for breakout. Poholke is expensive. Do you have $ to correct after Rd1 if it comes unstuck? D: smith Houston Doch Roberton brander Watson (greaves Williams) M: MacRae dunks cogs mcclugage titch Rowell Roberton Pickett (RCD McInerney) R: Grundy Sauce (Cameron) F: Whitfield Steven petracca Brayshaw Bewley Taylor (King budarick) U: Naismith See comment about Grundy above. I don’t trust Petracca. Those can easily be fixed and give you plenty of $ to spend or save. Starting rankine and Taylor on field will hurt your score Lack of Captain options I’d love some feedback on my side! DEF: Crisp, Houston, Doc, Roberton, Mcasey, Gould (Brander, Watson) MID: Macrae, Danger, Nigs, Titch, Brayshaw, Rowell, Green, Pickett (Anderson, Starcevich) RUCK: Grundy, Naismith (Xerri) FWD: Whitfield, Dusty, Smith, Petracca, Townsend, Taylor (King, Budarick) UTIL: Rankine Cheers See comment about Grundy above. I don’t trust Petracca. Risky to have a non-DPP as utility. Those can easily be fixed and give you plenty of $ to spend or save. Grundy will be fine and if you don’t start with him you’ll likely never have him even if his price drop a fair bit Why’s that? I didn’t start with him last year and ended up with him, paying a fair bit less. If that’s your only worry, then there’s no worries. Young or Ash and Stephens or Green or Serong Cheers guys x What and see who cops a gig Ballsy ruck choices otherwise, good luck… DEF: Weller, Houston, Doc, Roberton, Ash, Brander MID: Bont, COGS, Zorko, Mitchell, Brodie, Rowell, Anderson, Picket RUC: Grundy, Jacobs FWD: Whito, Steven, Tracca, Andy Bradyshaw, Taylor and a rookie I chosen Weller as i was looking more for role and he is playing in the guts any advice would be good Does anyone have a link to how the utility player works its not hard chief. utility means you can pick a player from any position in that spot. If you chose a forward and you emergency them, itll only be to cover the forward line. if you pick a mid/fwd (eg Budarick) then you decide whether you want him to cover midfield or forward emergency (it gives you the option what one). a forward utility cannot cover a 0 in defence. its purely means you can pick a player from any position instead of last year having two ruckmen. thanks lochie split between lukocious, bewley and schultz. lukocious could rack up marks off half back and then swing forward to kick a couple, but bewleys role looks good, especially with acres out and blakely out of the team. and schultz is the cheapest and looked the good in Marsh. which one for F5? Bewley Feel free to critique, nothing really going to change my mind other than round 1 rookie selection, just giving everyone a sneak peak at the starting lineup of this years winning coach. Cheers legends. DEF: Crisp, Houston, Docherty, Roberton, Ash, McAsey (Watson, Williams) MID: Gaff, Merrett, Coniglio, Mitchell, Rowell, Anderson, Green, Pickett (Robertson, Sharp) RUC: Grundy, Jacobs (Naismith) FWD: Whitfield, Martin, McPherson, Brayshaw, Townsend, Taylor (King, Rankine) UTIL: Brander DEF: Crisp, Houston, Docherty, Birchall, Roberton, Madgen MID: Macrae, Gaff, Merrett, Cogs, Titch, Rowell, Green, Pickett RUC: Jacobs, Nic Nat FWD: Dusty, Smith, Greenwood, Brayshaw, Long, Taylor bench whoever actually plays.. Bont, Naismith and Davis or Tom green, Jacobs and tucker Would love to hear your thoughts!! DEF: Smith, Houston, Doch, Roberton, Zerk, Ash (Brander, Starcevich) MID: Dunkley, Coniglio, Adams, Titch, Hately, Rowell, Green, Pickett (McHenry, Budarick) RUCK: Grundy, Jacobs (Xerri) FWD: Whitfield, Steven, Greenwood, Brayshaw, Rowbottom, Schultz (Rankine, King) (B.Davis) Thanks guys!! LOL Good Luck™®© Bont Naismith Davis Thoughts of Jon ceglar this year, handy forward option with the number one ruck mantle at the hawks , could push 90+ and has improved each year. Great pick, imo should go 95. What are people thinking Dev Smith can do this season? 95-100. Cheers Andy DEF-Crisp, Docherty, Roberton, Young, Gould,Brander MID-Coniglio, Neale, Bontempelli, Cripps, Mitchell, Walsh, Rowell, Pickett RUC-Grundy, Jacobs FWD-Whitfield, Martin, Greenwood, Brayshaw, King, Rankine BENCH-170k Rooks This team will fail if you are banking on 8 x 170k rookies! Good Luck in 2021™®© Bench players are literally just there to make money so spending money on players that can add absolutely no points to your team doesn’t make sense but alright. DEF- Crisp, B Smith, Houston, Doc, Ash, Roberton (Goddard, Greaves) MID- Merrett, Neale, Cogs, Titch, Narkle, Rowell, Green, Pickett (Cahill, Bytel) RUCK- Jacobs, Naismith (xerri) FWD- D. Smith, Steven, D Mac, Rozee, A. Bradshaw, Bewley (Rankine, King) UTL- C. Taylor Bank- $69 All thoughts are appreciated, thanks guys! I think Narkle is a cool POD but he is unproven yet beyond his small handfull of games last year. That is a big risk for such prime real estate, i hope it pays off for you. Cheers mate! Just created some new leagues, nothing serious, just some casual fun. DT Talk 2020 1: DLNE5K4E DT Talk 2020 2: H45P73HU Best sub 730k players in all positions? Assistant Coach Subscription… Good Luck™®© BSmith Houston Doc Roberton Ash Gould ( Brander Starcevich ) Danger Bont Cogs Cripps Mitchell Viney Rowell Green ( Pickett Anderson ) Sauce Naismith ( Cameron ) Green Smith Stevens Brayshaw Townsend Budarick ( Georgiades King ) Xerri 40k bank Not sold on Brodie Smith or Viney, Massive gamble with no Grundy lets hope he doesn’t start with a 140! Finally someone else who’s not filling bench spots with 170k rookies who wont play! Good Luck™®© Updated team Out Viney Smith In Neale Greenwood Should I have Whitfield and Patton or MacPherson and hof/Wingard in my foward line Sicily, Houston Docherty, birch, Roberton, ash Danger, cogs, Stevan, titch, B hill, Rowell, green, picket Gawn, Jacobs MacPherson, Greenwood, hof, petraca, brashaw, C Taylor I got Naismith on my bench. Would appreciate some feedback. I’ve posted in the past 4 my teams and haven’t got feedback so would appreciate some now. Like old mate above if you are banking on 170k rookies to fill your bench spots then your team will not generate enough cash to build a full squad.. Good Luck™®© My only 170k guys are king and Rankine and I’m confident they will play. What are your thoughts on the rest of my team Doubt Rankine will play who should i get smith or crisp Tossing up starting this team depending on rookies named – What do people think? DEF: Smith, Houston, Docherty, Roberton, McAsey, Brander, (Williams, McLennan) MID: Dunkley, Zerrett, Danger, Cogs, Titch, Rowell, Green, Pickett, (Brown, Valente) RUCK: Grundy, Jacobs, (Naismith) FWD: Whitfield, Greenwood, Ceglar, Brayshaw, Townsend, Taylor, (Rankine, King) UTILITY: (Budarick) The only players I don’t like are McAsey and Townsend. I think come next Thursday you will go into panic mode because half your rookie are not named and to generate enough cash to have decent bench you have to rebuild your team! Good Luck™®© Dont waste another second on your team. The season is over. Tomorrow the English premier league will get postponed (and eventually cancelled). Seria A, the NBA, NHL, MLB all postponed. The second an AFL player tests positive for Corona virus, season over. Stop fretting. Y A W N Go to school kid Good Luck in 2021™®© Best combo 1. Grundy and Patton Or 2. Dev Smith and Jacobs? I like number 2 – will be hard to get Grundy in later though Crisp, Houston, Doc, Roberton, Cumming, Brander (Gould, Starviech) Macare, Gaff, Crouch, Cogs, Titch, Pickett, Rowell, Green (170k, Sharp) Jacobs, Naismith (Cameron) Whits, D. Smith, Dusty, Brayshaw, Patton, Taylor (Davis, King) U: Buderick 30K left who is the better option Macare or Kelly Jarrod Berry anyone ?? Got 3 spots to fill in an intermediate/expert RDT league Code 202441 Jump in! Has anyone thought of Tomlinson? risky but could work? DEF: Crisp, Smith, Lloyd, May, Houston, Hibberd (Brander, McCasey) MID: Kelly, Titch, Setterfield, Bont, Picket, Serong, Boak, Green (Rowell, Sharp) RUCK: Naismith, Jacobs (Xerri) FWD: Whitfield, Hoff, Brayshaw, Rankine, King, Taylor (Davis, Budarick) U: McHenry Hahah gotta be one of the worst, back to the drawing board son lol made my day Gee thats a different team, Not sure about setters,boak,may, (no grundy or gawn), hoff, wouldnt be putting king on the ground and your also wasting rowell on the bench needs to have those mid pricers downgraded to rooks and use the cash better Inside info on setterfield at Carlton, Boak and Hoff will start the year very well yes rowell will be on the field. I hate Vanilla teams so this is my compromise dont care if it sux lol I honestly think besides the confirmation of rookies for R1 my team is pretty much set. Would love your opinions though. DEF: Smith, Houston, Docherty, Roberton, McFasey, Cumming (Williams, Greaves) MID: Macrae, Coniglio, Merrett, Bontempelli, Mitchell, Rowell, Anderson, Green (Pickett, Sharp) RUCK: Goldstein, Jacobs (Naismith) FWD: Whitfield, MacPherson, Brayshaw, Lukosius, Schultz, Brander (King, Taylor) UT: Starcevich Previous years I’ve gone for the highest players as possible for scoring thought I’d switch it up and go for premiums and money-makers hence why the rookies are so expensive (Naismith particularly). I know Grundy is not in there but I just can’t justify bringing in a 900K player when there are so many bargains and not many 170K rookies. Goldstein is low in my opinion so hopefully he gets back to his best. Careful with Goldy, he’s 31 now. and I don’t see him getting close to his 113 best. Don’t know if there’s enough upside there. I’d almost say take another 80k or so and move him to English, or even a little further to Ceglar. Love the Lukosius pick. I’m gonna go spare when the season start gets cancelled. Funny tho how this whole virus thing (for Formula1) was accurately predicted by “Asterix and the Chariot Race” – where the Italian lead racer was named “Coronavirus” … spooky wooooo. I’ve not touched my team for 2 weeks, since Marshpotato #1. I’m not going to touch it again until teams get named that are actually going to play – particularly if the season gets delayed and those players with injuries get a couple more weeks rest to get right – that will really require some thinking for RDT and SuperCoach with limited trades. … I’m waiting for the meme “The season’s gonna be delayed?!?!” “Free Kick Hawthorn!!”
