So not sure if anyone has thought about this yet but With shorter quarters i am removing most full priced guns from my team. Under priced premo’s & mid pricers are the go now. Cant wait to sideways Jacobs > Grundy in 5 rounds time! You have to bat deep…. Good Luck Mate Mate if games are 20% shorter, it means players will probably score around 20% less meaning full priced players have bugger all chance of hitting BE’s. Underpriced premo’s & the right mid pricers should still rise in value. No way im paying 900k for a guy guaranteed to drop 150-200k in a months time. Also means they can stay on the ground longer and continue to rack up points… Go Read RDT email they have made changes to help combat that,,, Good Luck 1… Viney, zmerret and Greenwood 2. Cripps, Danger/Bont and westhoff? 3. Cripps, viney and dusty? 1 2 or 3. 1 just worried about cripps, plays around 90% game time each season to get his scores.. Where as merrett plays around 75% or somewhere around that and scores more. different looking season so hard to make choices right now haha 1. Grundy, Cerra, McAsey (Starc d7) or. Jacobs, Crisp, Cumming (McAsey d7) Merrett, Jacobs and Sturt (on field) or Adams, Naismith and Petrecca 2 but I’d go Hopper over Adams Cripps and dusty or zmerret and patracca? Feel free to join: CA3YD7WT Anyone know the codes of Dt Talk public leagues? 284512 RDT RDT league need filling 284512. Cheers lads, stay well! I’ve seen a few people saying they’re offloading full priced guns due to shorter quarters.. have shorter quarters been locked in or is this just speculation? Can easily just trade a full priced player once the shorter quarters come in for a Selwood/Ward like type when it comes to it but surely you still start with them now if you were always intending on doing so? If anything, I thought due to the shorter season you would want more of the Uber premiums since you have left time to upgrade to them Quarters are 16min in length with time on, so still likely to last 24-25mins total. Everyone’s saying that they’re trading premos due to shorter quarter. Their BE’s aren’t a specific number, it was discussed by Warnie on his Twitter than their BE is relative to points scored throughout the whole week. Thus, everyone should be scoring less due to shorter quarters meaning the drop isn’t as bad as first thought. I believe there will be a small drop but not 200k drop Let em trade their premos under their false belief. ENough info has come out about the BE calculations. But it has brough NicNat into my calculations as he only plays about 12minutes a quarter which probably won’t change much (from 60% game time to 75%) 1. Cripps and dusty or 2. zmerret and patracca? Cripps and Dusty by a mile for me because I think Cripps is more explosive then ZMerret and petracca could score 100 one week and score 60 the next he is not very consistent and normally does well in marsh series then spuds out when the season starts What’s the benefit of going #2…? Are you gaining money to upgrade somewhere else? If it means you get a Whitfield/Grundy type operator in your side then still probably no. #1 is Taylor Adams an option or is it to much risk with injury Which one is better 1 Tom green, dusty and starcevich 2 Dunkley/bont, Budarick and starcevich 3 crisp, Tom green and Budarick Am I crazy? DEF: Crisp, Smith, Houston, Docherty, Roberton, Madgen, (Gould, Williams) MID: Dunkley, Cogs, Cripps, Titch, McGrath, Rowell, Green, Pickett, (Sharp, Brown) RUCK: ROB, Jacobs, (Cameron) FWD: Whitfield, Petracca, Ceglar, Brayshaw, Brander, Taylor, (Cavarra, King) UTILITY: Budarick I don’t think it is too crazy! Considering you don’t have Grundy do you think it is nearly worth you going ROB to naismith to free up even more cash? Just food for thought Stoked there is footy tonight. Back in the Fantasy game after 2 years in the wilderness. Join my league: WM4ACNY9 Stephens/Noah Anderson + Cameron (R3) Or Sturt + Naismith (R3) 284512 RDT Leagues to fill…738516…794917….360371… BRING IT ON… Haydos… toss a coin between 1&2, similar scoring, potential higher ceiling. Anyone want to join a last minute league? code is 33PNAXDF 1. Greenwood, patracca and nic Nat Or 2. Dusty, deven Smith and naismith? 1 or 2 Hey guys, last minute thoughts on this team? DEF – Smith, Houston, Doc, Howe, Roberton, Gould (Greaves, Mclennan) MID – Macrae, Danger, Cogs, Titch, Viney, Rowell, Green, Pickett (Brown, Budarick) RUCK – Jacobs, Naismith (Cameron) FWD – Whitfield, Dusty, Smith, Greenwood, Brayshaw, Taylor (King, Sturt) UTL – 170k Appreciate any feedback thanks Quite similar to my team except I have Sauce, Cripps and Brander instead of Naismith, Viney and Smith. I like yours a bit better but I’m just too scared to go Naismith even though I do think he is going to perform well and generate cash. Main thing I’m trying to figure out right now is if I trust Greenwood enough to keep him in or should I go Petracca. Tough decisions! Looking for some final thoughts and advice going into R1. A lot of deliberating but I’ve decided to go with a more set and forget mid/ruck, with a forwardline and defence predominantly filled with (hopefully) cash-generating mid-pricers. DEF: BSmith, Houston, Docherty, Roberton, Ash, Gould (B Williams, T Watson) MID: Macrae, Danger, Coniglio, Cripps, Titch, Rowell, T Green, Pickett (Budarick, McHenry) RUC: Grundy, Jacobs (Cameron) FWD: Whitfield, Dusty, Greenwood, Brayshaw, Brander, Taylor (King, Rankine) UTL: Xerri Heard Rankine has had an injury setback aswell, any 170k forwards I could swap him out for? Cavarra? Ash and Gould are out. And Rankine. 1. Greenwood, patracca and nic Nat Or 2. Dusty, deven Smith and naismith? 1 or 2. Zac Langdon or Schultz? Pick 1 Sicily Haynes Greenwood Petracca? 1. Devon Smith and Viney 2. Petracca and Taylor Adams 3. Petracca and someone who is less then 773k but who? What option fellas 1. Whitfield and Jacobs 2. Petracca and Gawn Also 3. Anderson, Naismith (R3) and McGrath 4. McInerney (bench for Pickett), Cameron (R3) and Adams Absolutely love ya if you can help with this. will also help you in return if needed Afl Fantasy league code SYHNC67K Pick 1 Sicily Haynes Greenwood Petracca?. Pick 1 Schultz Zerk-thacher Patton Lukosius Lukosius Best combo 1. Nick Haynes, budirck and zmerret 2. Nick Haynes, Patton and viney 3. Nick Haynes, Schultz and Adams 4. Sicily, Schultz and viney 1 2 3 or 4 Arghhhh conflicted …. B.Smith and C> Petracca …. OR .. Sicily and MacPherson Hey Guys, would youse be able to help me find away to get Naismith at R3 whilst keeping the Grundy Gawn combo? Absolute legend if you can Remaining: 16k DEF: Crisp, Houston, Doc, Roberton, Ash, Starcevich (Watson, Greaves) MID: Dunk, Fyfe, Cogs, Cripps, Mitchell, Rowell, Stephens, Green (Pickett, Brown) RUC: Grundy, Gawn (Xerri) FED: Whit, Greenwood, Brayshaw, Schultz, Brander, Taylor (Rankine, King) UTL: Budarick Cheers guys Easy mate Crisp – Brodie Smith Trade Stephens to Jeremy sharp & put Pickett on the ground That should get it done Cheers for your help, Swallow in an interview didn’t seem confident in sharp debuting R1 however. With the schedule being crammed could get an early debut? Thank you. Looking good. Crisp to Smith Fyfe to any of Lyons, D.Smith, Worpel, Steele, Walsh or McCluggage Best combo 1. Josh kelly and Greenwood or 2. Devon smith and cripps 3. Devon smith and Adams? 1 2 or 3 2,1,3 is the order for me AFL Season cut to 17 games. Does AFL fantasy even go ahead? Prizes changed? What does it mean for byes? I think the traders have already abandon ship and left the rest of us to fend for ourselves. Draft leagues are shot to pieces. If the the commissioner can still alter settings…maybe ? The good from the bad is that at least the AFL is now fair..each team plays each other once. My team: DEF Crisp, Houston, Docherty, Cerra, Lukosius, Roberton (Starcevich, Williams) MID Macrae, Whitfield, Dangerfield, Coniglio, Mitchell, Rowell, Anderson, Pickett (Robertson, Sharp) RUC Jacobs, Naismith (Cameron) FWD Steven, MacPherson, Brayshaw, Smith, Patton, Schultz (King, Rankine) UTL C.Taylor Best combo 1. Grundy and patracca or 2. Whitfield and Sam Jacobs? Controversial to popular thought, but I think #2 is better. Commissioners can alter settings in draft. I changed to…. play each other once/ byes on/ final four. This should work as I have small draft leagues. It took the tech. boffins almost 3 weeks to get my C and Vc buttons to work …so how are they going to cope with this ? Hey Guys, thought I’de wait to the last week to release my league. Anyone is welcome, the code is NJXCLKFD. Note to all beginner players, feel free to join but there may be some more experienced players in the league. Just a good option for anyone stuck without a league. Hope anyone that joins enjoys! Join this fantasy league W5VAARJM OK, which one, Greenwood or Cegler? I’m looking for a forward option that isn’t Macpherson, Steven, Smith, Brayshaw, haha. uhhhh greenwood > ceglar but also other options than the ones you listed include parish / ainsworth / hoskin-elliot & rozee. overall i’d recommend picking brayshaw / greenwood from the ones you’ve listed because they should leave you with some extra cash, all things considered. go with your gut. well new strat for me, was happy with my team, but being cut 5 rounds means midpricemadness for me. Sucks i haven’t had time to watch all the midpricers as i wasn’t sold on them beforehand RDT, this is the team I feel…. BACKS. Crisp, Smith, Docherty, Roberton, Ash, McAsey.(Watson, Gould.) MIDS. Macrae, Merrett, Coniglio, Mitchell,Yeo, Houston, Rowell, Green. (Pickett, Sharp, Budarick.) RUCKS. Grundy, Jacobs. (Conroy.) FWDS. Whitfield, Smith, Brayshaw, Steven, Brander, Georgiades. (Rankine, King.) $98,600 left over…. all thoughts appreciated… this team goes well over the cap? No it doesn’t, this RDT…. and it is a good team, except that Steven won’t be playing so I have traded him out for Greenwood… Hi Everyone The below AFL FANTASY league has just been created for players that have finished in the top 3000 in Supercoach or AFL Fantasy. League of Gentleman CODE: MDAK56WL I have finished top 1000 over the last couple years and am looking for players of similar playing ability and experience Does this get me a gig?….. ROUND 21 PRIZE WINNER Congratulation to Greg* from QLD, the Round 21 Weekly winner Greg’s team The Chosen Won had the highest score of 2583, Winning the weekly cash prize. *Prize winner subject to verifcation. Good Luck™®© See you in there ;) I’m also filling up the last few spots of a league: V2WZC9J6 Grundy and Hayden Young (if he plays) Or English and Haynes I want to captain Whitfield round 1 so is it worth paying up for Grundy not to captain him in R1? What would you guys pick here 1. Grundy and Patton 2. Jacobs and Whitfield 2. I am Menegola ©™ Good Luck™®© Have $37k left with a utility player to come. Any suggestions to delete/add to fit under salary cap? Thanks…. DEF : Docherty, Crisp, Laird, Roberton, Ash, H. Young ( Gould, Brander) MID : Macrae, Whitfield, Neale, Coniglio, Mitchell, Rowell, Dylan Stephens, Pickett (Tom Green, Deven Robertson) RUCK : Grundy, Jacobs (Darcy Cameron) FWD : Greene, Martin, Brayshaw, Townsend, Georgiades, Rankine ( King, Curtis Taylor) I like it but most sides would look good with an extra $133k in the kitty:-P To free up some cash maybe Greene or Dusty down to Viney (moving Whitfield forward) I also think Houston in must have in defence so Crisp or Laird down to him Thanks, Tinkerer. Good ideas. Get rid of Townsend. If he plays he will be sitting forward like he did in the Marsh games. Anyone want to join a league with competitive players? League Code: WFPK9S5R Callan Ward was hyped up leading up to Marsh, but is now nowhere to be seen. Any reason for that? Injured TEAM NAME: Guns, Value, Rooks Remaining: $6,000 Def: B.Smith, D.Houston, S.Docherty, D.Roberton, L.Ash, H.Young (B.Williams, T.Watson) Mid: J.Macrae, Z.Merrett, C.Oliver, S.Coniglio, T.Mitchel, M.Rowell, T.Green, M.Pickett (N.McHenry, T.Brown) Ruc: B.Grundy, S.Jacobs (T.Xerri) Fwd: L.Whitfield, J.Steven, H.Greenwood, A.Brayshaw, J.Brander, C.Taylor (I.Rankine, M.King) Utility: C.Budarick Pretty happy with this but thoughts appreciated. Inevitably I’ll probably need to turn Oliver > Viney (+$175k) and/or Grundy > Gawn (+$90k) to pay up for some better rooks Hey crew, it appears a lot of people are too preoccupied with stockpiling supplies rather than rejoin league from last year. So I have quite a few spots left – 9D74YJZN. Open for all! Dunk + Cameron (R3) vs Steele/Adams + Naismith (R3) Cheers xx Normally this time of year the rate my team page is so packed, this year its a ghost town.. where is everyone? Maybe people are realising this isnt the year to take things too serious, so much luck involved in this season coming up it might just be about having fun and not overthinking things Hey guys, I need some help with this… Option #1 Ruck: Grundy, Jacobs, Naismith + Zerk Thatcher (D6) + Noah Anderson (M7) + Patton (F4) + 170k (F5) Option #2 Ruck: Jacobs, Naismith, Cameron + 170k (will gould gets moved from bench to D6) + Marcus Bontempelli (M2) + Christian Petracca (F3) + Jacob Townsend (F5) Stuck in conflict between the 2. Option 1 has no rookies on field in defence but my forward seems a little bit weak but forward is the spot with the best rookies. Option 2 looks a lot better except for the loss of Grundy. What do you guys think??? Thanks in advance for anyone who helps! Best midpricer pick 1? Greenwood Wingard Petracca Westhoff Jack Martin Petracca, Greenwood are the best all others are irrelevant in my opinion Greenwood the best of a bad bunch C’mon already! Put me out of my misery – one way or another Danger/Cogs V Dunk/Cripps?? Thoughts on the team lads? DEF: Crisp, Houston, Doc, Roberton, Ash, Starcevich ( Williams, Watson) MID: Dunkley, Cogs, Cripps, Mitchell, Hopper, Rowelll, Pickett, Anderson. RUC: Grundy, Jacobs (Xerri) FWD: Whitfield, Steven, Greenwood, Brayshaw, Brander, Budarick ( King, Taylor) UTIL: Valente Anything I should look at changing? Steven, hes unlikely to be named got some spare spots in my AF and RDT league’s feel free to join 502324 rdt S7CYD7KP Fantasy AF FULL What do people think of this team? DEF: Smith, Sicily, Houston, Doch, Roberton, Gould, (Williams, Watson) MID: Dunkley, Cogs, Cripps, Titch, McGrath, Rowell, Green, Pickett, (Starcevich, Brown) RUCK: Grundy, Jacobs, (Xerri) FWD: Whitfield, MacPherson, Ceglar, Brayshaw, Brander, Taylor, (Rankine, King) UTILITY: Budarick will shultz play?? Hey guy! Had to drastically change tactics from guns and rooks to midprice mayhem due to 5 less rounds to finish my team Remaining: 28k DEF: Smith, Houston, Doc, Birch, Roberton, Brander (Starcevich, Watson) MID: Dunk, Cogs, Cripps, Titch, McGrath, Rowell, Stephens, Green (Pickett, Brown) RUC: Grundy, Jacobs (Cameron) FWD: Whit, Greenwood, Tracca, Brayshaw, Bewley, Taylor (Rankine, King) UTL: Budarick Would love thoughts and help on my team as I haven’t had much time to think of midpricers and back myself in! Cheers guys Pick 1 Jack Martin Greenwood Petracca? Brayshaw Pick 1 Z merret Gaff Danger Cripps Cripps Order: Cripps, Merrett, Gaff, Danger Best combo 1. Adams, viney and dusty 2. Adams, zmerret and Greenwood 3. Viney, zmerret and Greenwood 4. Cripps, Danger/Bont and westhoff? 1 2 3 or 4 3/4 for me. I cant trust Adams’ body DEF: Houston, Ryan, Haynes, Doch, Cerra, Noble (Williams, Watson) MID: Mitchell, Brodie, Viney, Wingard, Mcgrath, Smith, Narkle, Hatley (Picket, Brown) RUC: Jacobs, Naismith (Cameron) FOR: Parish, Greenwood, SPP, Rozee, Brayshaw, Bewley (Rankine, King) UTL: Budarick decided to make a midpriced madness team, what do you blokes reckon ? Be good for a top 80-90k finish Thoughts? Pending teams this is likely what I’ll go into r1 with I reckon. 55k remaining DEF: Crisp, Smith, Houston, Docherty, Roberton, Brander (Williams, Watson) MID: Macrae, Dunkley, Coniglio, Mitchell, Hately, Rowell, Green, Pickett (PSharp, McHenry) RUC: Jacobs, Naismith (Xerri) FOR: Whitfield, D.Martin, Greenwood, Petracca, Brayshaw, Taylor (Rankine, King) UTL: Budarick What do we think of this team? Def – Crisp, Smith, Houston, Docherty, Roberton, Starcevich (Williams, Goddard) Mid – Macrae, Dunkley, Coniglio, T Mitchell, Viney, Rowell, Pickett (Anderson, Green) Ruck – Grundy, Naismith (D Cameron) Forward – Whitfield, Brayshaw, Schultz, Townsend, C Taylor, M King (Xerri, Rankine) UTL – Budarick Dunno whether I should choose: Grundy / N Anderson Or J Stevens / S Jacobs (ruck) Steven probably won’t play R1. Join my AFL Fantasy League DTTalk exclusive only. League Code: SAWCACTY 1. Viney, zmerret and Greenwood 2. Cripps, Danger/Bont and westhoff? 3. Cripps, viney and dusty? 1 2 or 3 Would love any opinions on this side: DEF: Smith, Weller, Houston, Doc, Noble, Roberton (Brander, Starcevich) MID: Macrae, Cogs, Mitchell, Viney, Hately, Rowell, Anderson, Pickett (Sharp, Budarick) RUC: Jacobs, Naismith (Cameron) FWD: Whitfield, Smith, Steven, Ceglar, Brayshaw, Taylor (King, Rankine) Going against Grundy for value. If Ash is named R1 will downgrade Noble to him and upgrade elsewhere. Any feedback is welcome :) G’day mate, I would consider working patton ruc/fwd into your forward line so you can use the utility (pick a fwd rook) to swap him into the ruck in case Jacobs or Naismith miss a game somehow. Scratch that comment just noticed ceglar soz What do we think of this team? Honest thoughts on this pls… D – Houston, Crisp, Brander, Starcevich, Docherty, Roberton. Bench – Gould, Goddard M – Rowell, Titch, Cripps, Neale, Macrae, Dunkley, Cogs, M Pickett. Bench – McHenry, Bytel Ruck – Naitanui, Jacobs. Bench – D Cameron F – Steven, Brayshaw, Townsend, Whitfield, C Taylor, Patton. Bench – M King, Rankine. 15K left.. Let me know what ya think! Terrible in every way, hope that helps What do we think of this team? Honest thoughts on this pls… D – Houston, Crisp, Brander, Starcevich, Docherty, Roberton. Bench – Williams, Goddard M – Rowell, Titch, Cripps, Neale, Macrae, Dunkley, Cogs, M Pickett. Bench – McHenry, Bytel Ruck – Naitanui, Jacobs. Bench – D Cameron F – Steven, Brayshaw, Townsend, Whitfield, C Taylor, Patton. Bench – M King, Rankine. U – N Anderson Let me know what ya think Made two changes earlier, forgot about that soz! This is the full team I have now Try and repost your team in price order mate. It’s easier to read that way. Midf is super weak,4 rookies is way to much,2 or 3 max nice team, mate the rucks are a little bit risky. check out ” afl fantasy 69″ on youtube and subscribe to him, he has the best vids anyway love the team!! Hey guys, honestly stumped on what structure I should head into round 1 with. Here’s what I’ve got currently: DEF: Smith, Houston, Docherty, Roberton, Young, Brander (Starcevich, 170k) MID: Dunkley, Oliver, Coniglio, Mitchell, Rowell, Anderson, Green, Pickett (170k, 170k) RUC: Grundy, Gawn (Cameron) FWD: Whitfield, Walters, Macpherson, Brayshaw, Patton, Budarick (King, Taylor, Xerri) $$$: 34,000 I don’t mind the backline, and am fairly confident in the premiums I have picked, just as I said before, the actual structure of things isn’t something I’m set on. Also, rookies are doing my head in. Your not going to get 170k mid rookies so pay up boy First crisis “avoided” This is the Final List until teams Drop. DEF LaiRd DocH CeRRA WATTS RobeRtOn StaRcEvicH (brander watson) MID DUNKleY MCrouCh MitChelL HoPPeR WalsH HatELy RoWell PiCKett (mahoney budarick) RUCK GrunDy JacoBs (willaims) FWD WhitfieLd DusTY BrawsHaw ScHulTz LanDoN TaylOr (king cameron) Thrown Hately into the mix as i think he gets Taranto role. Also want to get Hanners in …..Maybe. Solid line up man Mids are looking a little on the weak side Yes on paper i agree. Hopper will put up good numbers and make cash as will walsh. HAtely could become green and upgrade hopper to a keeper.? Waiting Game Now. Love to hear your thoughts on my team DEF: BrSmith, Houston, Docherty, Roberton, BZT, Ash (Williams, Watson) MID: Macrae, Gaff, Merrett, Mitchell, McGrath, Rowell, Green,Pickett (Robertson, North) RUCK: Grundy, Jacobs (Xerri) FWD: Whitfield,DSmith, Brayshaw,BaSmith, Townsend, Taylor (Davis, King) Utility: Starcevich Opinions on Hately & Steven or Viney & Rowbottom I’d back Hately and Steven over the other 2. So with the likely hood of the season being suspended as teams & players arent happy playing without crowds, what are we all going to do with our time… I hope it continues regardless but I do think any player who comes down with coronavirus should be a free trade I reckon all the clubs should embrace each other and sing viva forever – spice girls. Oh and another thing, I hope it causes a zombie outbreak Your a flog Hawk I am the Real Menegola ©™ Good Luck™®© Would love an opinion on the below: Def: Smith, Doch, Houston, Roberton, Ash, Gould (Starcevich, Watson) Mid: Macrae, Cogs, Cripps, Titch, Rowell, Pickett, Anderson, Green (Brown, Sharp) Ruck: Grundy, Jacobs (Cameron) Fwd: Whitfield, Walters, Macpherson, Steven, Brayshaw, Taylor (Davis, King, Budarick) What do we think of this team? Honest thoughts on this pls… I have already shown this team earlier, but I was told to do this in number order as it is easier to read. D – Crisp, Houston, Docherty, Roberton, Brander, Starcevich. Bench – Williams, Goddard M – Macrae, Dunkley, Neale, Coniglio, Cripps, T Mitchell, Rowell, Pickett Bench – McHenry, Bytel Ruck – Jacobs, Naitanui Bench – D Cameron F – Whitfield, Steven, Brayshaw, Patton, Townsend, Taylor Bench – M King, Rankine. U – N Anderson Let me know ya think! Very expensive premiums in macrae, dunkley, neale. I personally like to find a little more value in atleast m2 and m3 where i think the player will increase about 10-15 points on their current average. This way you can set up more of a contingency plan as well as invest that money elsewhere. Must think the long game and there is a good chance macrae and dunks will lose value and you will get them cheaper throughout the year. def: smith, houston, clark, docherty, roberton, young mid: macrae, dunkley, gaff, cognilio, titch, rowell, mchenry, pickett ruck: grundy, jacobs fwd: whitfield, macpherson, brayshaw, jones, king, rankine utility starcevich $15k left any tips or improvement? would love opinions on my team DEF: Laird, Houston, Docherty, Roberton, Young, Gould (Starcevich, B Williams) MID: Macrae, Neale, coniglio, Mitchell, Hannebery, Rowell, Serong, Pickett (T Brown, N McHenry) RUCK: Grundy, Jacobs (D Cameron) FWD: Whitfield, Greenwood, Petracca, Brayshaw, Jones, Georgiades (M King, I Rankine) U: Luke Valentine Defence is solid! ✅ Midfield: would be weary of Hannebery and Serong. Would be thinking about Anderson due to JS Ruck: Standard ✅ Forward: be weary of Jones and Georgiades. Would go more of a rookie With Jones and Use the extra $$ on Hannebery thanks mate appreciate it Wanted anyone’s opinion Option 1) M5 Hately M9 Green R2 Naismith Option 2) M5 Wingard M9 (170k Mid) R2 Naismith Option 3) M5 Viney M9 Green R2 (170k Ruc – Cameron or Xerri) 1 Sorry I meant Wanted anyone’s opinion Option 1) M5 Hately M9 Green R3 Naismith Option 2) M5 Wingard M9 (170k Mid) R3 Naismith Option 3) M5 Viney M9 Green R3 (170k Ruc – Cameron or Xerri) You may as well all stop posting your teams as I have the winning team already Dammit Euman, i was about to post my team but now ive just gone & deleted it & removed my entry for 2020. Congratulations bud ??? Thanks mate Happy Final Week of Preseason folks. Created a league for anyone who’s keen to join: V2WZC9J6 Extra points if you have a team name inspired by a mediocre 90s footballer. This year I’ve gone with “Dance Monkhorsts”. Damian Monkhorst was mediocre? 1990 still hurts yeah bruh? Haha no he was a beast… I should have said classic 90s players. is Lukosius the real deal? priced at almost 10 points less than cerra, is he a better alternative?? real concern is he becomes more of a lock down type when the suns come up against some better opposition. Brah!! There whole back 6 have that lockdown type of game play, cause they are a crap team. To be honest I have him in my team DPP brah. Solid finish to last year, solid marsh series, 2 wins brah. Will swing forward and back and play a Lloyd type roll brah. Draft question, who would you rather take with pick, J.Kelly or Gawn? No doubt Gawn OK guys, need your thoughts on this team… RDT. BACKS. Crisp, Smith, Docherty, Houston, Roberton, McAsey. (Gould, Williams.) MIDS. Macrae, Merrett, Coniglio, Mitchell, Yeo, Rowell, Anderson, Green.(Pickett, Sharp, Budarick.) RUCKS. Grundy, Jacobs. (Convoy.) FWDS. Whitfield, Greenwood, Smith, Brayshaw, Brander, Taylor.(Georgiades, King.) have only $4,500 left in the Bank, but think I have a even spread of players…. Looking to fill up a league (Code W6XWY6ER) Suitable for new or intermediate standard Would appreciate any comments on my team Running with 7 rookies (5 on field) in the mids. DEF: Laird, Houston, Docherty, Lukosius, Roberton, I Cumming (Gould, Watson) MID: Macrae, Coniglio, Mitchell, Rowell, Anderson, Tom Green, Sharp, Pickett (Stephens, Robertson) RUCK: Grundy, Jacobs (Naismith) FWD: Whitfield, D Smith, D Martin, Brayshaw, Townsend, Taylor (M King, I Rankine) U: Buderick $286k left over Honestly, it doesn’t feel like your team is that much better everywhere else considering the hit you’ve taken in the midfield, apart from the extra forward premium Not entirely happy but it’s close to what I was looking for. Thoughts : DEF: B Smith, Haynes, Docherty, Lukosius, Roberton, B Zerk-Thatcher (Gould, Watson) MID: Bontempelli, Yeo, Cripps, Mitchell, Viney, Rowell, Ash, Pickett (Sharp, T Brown) RUCK: Jacobs, English (Naismith) FWD: Whitfield, D Smith, D Martin, And Brayshaw, Brander, Taylor (M King, Budarick) U: Starcevich $32 left over Damo stop fretting. The season wont get completed. It wont even make week 4. Relax. Spend time with family, have a beer before pubs close. I have put together a draft for tonight 9pm. 10 Teams (3,4,1,3/4 format) league code N6UXKEHA Feel free to join. Dont bother. Season will not get completed. I’m with you on this One. Sources in Europe have shown the unaffected being eaten by the affected. Imagine the first game being played on Thursday night and only half disembark the G after it. That would actually be interesting.. New Keeper League (6, 8, 1, 6) on Ultimate Footy. Four spots left, all welcome. https://www.ultimatefooty.com.au/158602/ See most sides are rolling with Macrae at M1..Thoughts on Bont as M1? Nah.. Anyone else having trouble joining fantasy league teams, put in code and all you get is, sorry bla bla bla. I think it’s becuase of the coronavirus bud! Remember government officials have banned gatherings and groups, which means they don’t want multiple people in the same area. Mabye you should read the news a bit Damo.. suggestions lukosius to Ash similar scoring more $ to gain, English to Jacobs similar scoring although Jacobs maybe a bit better & more $, Anderson for mid. More $ in war chest. Thanks Cambpell for your advise, I don’t read the news Much becuase mabye I’m a bit dyslexic or not very smrat. Living in a bubble and talking about the same 40 players for 5 months. How many of you have won anything doing that? Best forward under 311K??? Townsend,Taylor, Schultz if under Brayshaw or Petracca? Brayshaw. Slightly cheaper and has a good ceiling. Petracca has same ceiling but aside from Marsh1 hasn’t translated this into his game consistently yet. Both are great picks though. Thanks Bomber Basically locked into going with this side round 1 Def: B Smith, Houston, Doch, Roberton, Ash, H Young (Gould, Williams) Mid: Dunkley, Coniglio, Mitchell, Viney, McGrath, Rowell, Green, Pickett (N Anderson, T Brown) Ruck: Grundy, Jacobs (Naismith) Fwd: Whitfield, Steven, Greenwood, Brayshaw, Schultz, Taylor (Budarick, Brander) Utl: Sharp I think it’s worth paying up for rookies on the bench like Anderson and Gould this year with limited $170s around. Also considering going Schultz and Greenwood to Lukosius and Bailey Smith but the rest is pretty much locked. Thoughts? Be careful having the 2 mid pricers (Viney and McGrath) in the midfield. Going to be difficult to upgrade both of them And the 3 rookies in field to Uber Premiums by seasons end. You are essentially banking on 1-2 of those to stay the whole season for you. To be honest I am actually thinking the same way. But it would take a Gusty person to play that way. 18 team league available for those equivalent to weekend golfers………..know how to pay but aren’t very good at it, hehe K9SRN7YA The Schultz hype real? Not really, he got 4 goals in M1 and 2 in M2 that pushed up his score. He’s going to have some spud scores when he doesn’t get on the scoresheet. Hannebery or Petracca? Evening Lads! DEF: Crisp, Smith, Houston, Docherty, Roberton, Ash (Gould, Brander) MID: Macrae, Cogs, Cripps, Mitchell, Viney, Rowell, Green, Pickett (Starcevich, McHenry) RUCK: Jacobs, Naismith (Williams) FWD: Whitfield, Greenwood, Petracca, Ceglar, Brayshaw, Taylor (Rankine, King) Cash: $15k Thoughts on this side? Or do I go Smith down to McLennan and field Brander in defence and Ceglar to Steven to get Jacobs to Grundy? Thoughts appreciated Mate i think you probably need grundy. I would downgrade one of those defenders One classic league spot left 3C53S2SD Get ON! full Pick one: Hopper, McCluggage, Ross Ross Thoughts on my side? Schultz or Bewley?? Thanks in advance Def: Smith, Houston, Doch, Roberton, Ash, Brander (Gould, Watson) Mid: Macrae, Dunk, Danger, Cogs, Titch, Rowell, Green, Pickett (Anderson, Budarick) Ruc: Grundy, Naismith (Xerri) Fwd: Whitfield, Steven, Ceglar, Brayshaw, Schultz, Taylor (Rankine, King) Utility: Davis Bewley for me mate My leagues for senior citizens still need some coaches: Old Fogies’ Fantasy 4RSWS9VK) needs one more team and RDT Old Fogies (974705) needs six more teams. At this late date the leagues are open to all comers despite the disadvantage younger players may have…..Good luck. Merrett or brouch or Dunkley ??M2 Dunkley What does Ash’s and Green’s Job Security look like guys?? I’m interested also. not good I would like to think short term until Taranto and Z Williams return. Short term ahaha taranto is out for 4 months and williams has no return date so not long term i would think for green atleast Backs- smith, Houston, doc, Roberton, zerk, Gould Bench Brander, Watson Mids- Macrae, Dunkley, cogs, tich, green, Pickett, Rowell, Anderson Bench Robertson,starcevich Rucks- Grundy, jacobs Xerri Fwd- Whitfield, Martin, Smith, Brayshaw, bewely, Taylor Bench Rankie, king Ult- budarick 12k left Too expensive in the fwd line one of the better teams ive seen. not sure gould will play tho Backs – Smith, Houston, Doc, Roberton, Ash, Mcasey (Brander, Starcevich) Mids – Bont, Coniglio, Cripps, Titch, Viney, Rowell, Green, Pickett (Budarick, Sharp) Rucks – Grundy, Jacobs (Williams) Forwards – Whitfield, Steven, Greenwood, Brayshaw, Patton, Taylor (King, Rankine) Got about 40k left. May upgrade viney depending on what rookies get named. Any thoughts? Don’t mind this side, although not keen on Patton. Keep an eye on Ash also, might not be there round 1. If Green isn’t named round 1 go Anderson mate. Good team, but I’m going with no Grundy. Reckon he’ll drop in price and be a better bargain later in the season. Played this tactic last year and it worked well for me. I’m having trouble finding the league codes for my leagues, any idea where to find them? Cheers. Here’s some leagues for those interested. SuperCoach DT Talk 2020: 487571 Sportsdeck Dream Team DT Talk 20: 861045 DT Talk Carlton 20: 794760 AFL Fantasy DT Talk Carlton 2020: Can’t find the league code anywhere on the site or app. SuperCoach DT Talk Carlton: 655341 Crisp, B. Smith, Houston, Doc, Roberton, Brander (Greaves, McLennan) Yeo, Oliver, Cogs, Cripps, Titch, Pickett, Rowell, Green (Robertson, Sharp) Jacobs, Naismith (Cameron) Whits, D. Smith, MacP, Brayshaw, Ranking, Taylor (Davis, King) U: Buderick 161K left Go your hardest, need the help! First time I’ve asked for it. Happy to comment on others. great team, love it, if it was me i would spend up in the mids to get to a macare, kelly, dunks. other then that i would either go brander to cumming or davis to like a patton. but thats up to u Not bad at all. Probably won’t get many massive captain scores but some solid 100 players there to do the job. Smith, Doc, Houston, Roberton, Young, Brander (Gould, Bianco) Neale, Mitchell, Coniglio, Cripps, Bonts, Rowell, Green, Deven Robertson (Serong, Pickett) O’Brien, Jacobs (Naismith) Steven, Wingard, A. Brayshaw, Rozee, Shultz, Poholke (Rankine, King) U – Anderson Thoughts? FWDs are a gamble. Stevens could go either way. A few mid-pricers hoping for breakout. Poholke is expensive. Do you have $ to correct after Rd1 if it comes unstuck? D: smith Houston Doch Roberton brander Watson (greaves Williams) M: MacRae dunks cogs mcclugage titch Rowell Roberton Pickett (RCD McInerney) R: Grundy Sauce (Cameron) F: Whitfield Steven petracca Brayshaw Bewley Taylor (King budarick) U: Naismith See comment about Grundy above. I don’t trust Petracca. Those can easily be fixed and give you plenty of $ to spend or save. Starting rankine and Taylor on field will hurt your score Lack of Captain options I’d love some feedback on my side! DEF: Crisp, Houston, Doc, Roberton, Mcasey, Gould (Brander, Watson) MID: Macrae, Danger, Nigs, Titch, Brayshaw, Rowell, Green, Pickett (Anderson, Starcevich) RUCK: Grundy, Naismith (Xerri) FWD: Whitfield, Dusty, Smith, Petracca, Townsend, Taylor (King, Budarick) UTIL: Rankine Cheers See comment about Grundy above. I don’t trust Petracca. Risky to have a non-DPP as utility. Those can easily be fixed and give you plenty of $ to spend or save. Grundy will be fine and if you don’t start with him you’ll likely never have him even if his price drop a fair bit Why’s that? I didn’t start with him last year and ended up with him, paying a fair bit less. If that’s your only worry, then there’s no worries. Young or Ash and Stephens or Green or Serong Cheers guys x What and see who cops a gig Ballsy ruck choices otherwise, good luck… DEF: Weller, Houston, Doc, Roberton, Ash, Brander MID: Bont, COGS, Zorko, Mitchell, Brodie, Rowell, Anderson, Picket RUC: Grundy, Jacobs FWD: Whito, Steven, Tracca, Andy Bradyshaw, Taylor and a rookie I chosen Weller as i was looking more for role and he is playing in the guts any advice would be good Does anyone have a link to how the utility player works its not hard chief. utility means you can pick a player from any position in that spot. If you chose a forward and you emergency them, itll only be to cover the forward line. if you pick a mid/fwd (eg Budarick) then you decide whether you want him to cover midfield or forward emergency (it gives you the option what one). a forward utility cannot cover a 0 in defence. its purely means you can pick a player from any position instead of last year having two ruckmen. thanks lochie split between lukocious, bewley and schultz. lukocious could rack up marks off half back and then swing forward to kick a couple, but bewleys role looks good, especially with acres out and blakely out of the team. and schultz is the cheapest and looked the good in Marsh. which one for F5? Bewley Feel free to critique, nothing really going to change my mind other than round 1 rookie selection, just giving everyone a sneak peak at the starting lineup of this years winning coach. Cheers legends. DEF: Crisp, Houston, Docherty, Roberton, Ash, McAsey (Watson, Williams) MID: Gaff, Merrett, Coniglio, Mitchell, Rowell, Anderson, Green, Pickett (Robertson, Sharp) RUC: Grundy, Jacobs (Naismith) FWD: Whitfield, Martin, McPherson, Brayshaw, Townsend, Taylor (King, Rankine) UTIL: Brander DEF: Crisp, Houston, Docherty, Birchall, Roberton, Madgen MID: Macrae, Gaff, Merrett, Cogs, Titch, Rowell, Green, Pickett RUC: Jacobs, Nic Nat FWD: Dusty, Smith, Greenwood, Brayshaw, Long, Taylor bench whoever actually plays.. Bont, Naismith and Davis or Tom green, Jacobs and tucker Would love to hear your thoughts!! DEF: Smith, Houston, Doch, Roberton, Zerk, Ash (Brander, Starcevich) MID: Dunkley, Coniglio, Adams, Titch, Hately, Rowell, Green, Pickett (McHenry, Budarick) RUCK: Grundy, Jacobs (Xerri) FWD: Whitfield, Steven, Greenwood, Brayshaw, Rowbottom, Schultz (Rankine, King) (B.Davis) Thanks guys!! LOL Good Luck™®© Bont Naismith Davis Thoughts of Jon ceglar this year, handy forward option with the number one ruck mantle at the hawks , could push 90+ and has improved each year. Great pick, imo should go 95. What are people thinking Dev Smith can do this season? 95-100. Cheers Andy DEF-Crisp, Docherty, Roberton, Young, Gould,Brander MID-Coniglio, Neale, Bontempelli, Cripps, Mitchell, Walsh, Rowell, Pickett RUC-Grundy, Jacobs FWD-Whitfield, Martin, Greenwood, Brayshaw, King, Rankine BENCH-170k Rooks This team will fail if you are banking on 8 x 170k rookies! Good Luck in 2021™®© Bench players are literally just there to make money so spending money on players that can add absolutely no points to your team doesn’t make sense but alright. DEF- Crisp, B Smith, Houston, Doc, Ash, Roberton (Goddard, Greaves) MID- Merrett, Neale, Cogs, Titch, Narkle, Rowell, Green, Pickett (Cahill, Bytel) RUCK- Jacobs, Naismith (xerri) FWD- D. Smith, Steven, D Mac, Rozee, A. Bradshaw, Bewley (Rankine, King) UTL- C. Taylor Bank- $69 All thoughts are appreciated, thanks guys! I think Narkle is a cool POD but he is unproven yet beyond his small handfull of games last year. That is a big risk for such prime real estate, i hope it pays off for you. Cheers mate! Just created some new leagues, nothing serious, just some casual fun. DT Talk 2020 1: DLNE5K4E DT Talk 2020 2: H45P73HU Best sub 730k players in all positions? Assistant Coach Subscription… Good Luck™®© BSmith Houston Doc Roberton Ash Gould ( Brander Starcevich ) Danger Bont Cogs Cripps Mitchell Viney Rowell Green ( Pickett Anderson ) Sauce Naismith ( Cameron ) Green Smith Stevens Brayshaw Townsend Budarick ( Georgiades King ) Xerri 40k bank Not sold on Brodie Smith or Viney, Massive gamble with no Grundy lets hope he doesn’t start with a 140! Finally someone else who’s not filling bench spots with 170k rookies who wont play! Good Luck™®© Updated team Out Viney Smith In Neale Greenwood Should I have Whitfield and Patton or MacPherson and hof/Wingard in my foward line Sicily, Houston Docherty, birch, Roberton, ash Danger, cogs, Stevan, titch, B hill, Rowell, green, picket Gawn, Jacobs MacPherson, Greenwood, hof, petraca, brashaw, C Taylor I got Naismith on my bench. Would appreciate some feedback. I’ve posted in the past 4 my teams and haven’t got feedback so would appreciate some now. Like old mate above if you are banking on 170k rookies to fill your bench spots then your team will not generate enough cash to build a full squad.. Good Luck™®© My only 170k guys are king and Rankine and I’m confident they will play. What are your thoughts on the rest of my team Doubt Rankine will play who should i get smith or crisp Tossing up starting this team depending on rookies named – What do people think? DEF: Smith, Houston, Docherty, Roberton, McAsey, Brander, (Williams, McLennan) MID: Dunkley, Zerrett, Danger, Cogs, Titch, Rowell, Green, Pickett, (Brown, Valente) RUCK: Grundy, Jacobs, (Naismith) FWD: Whitfield, Greenwood, Ceglar, Brayshaw, Townsend, Taylor, (Rankine, King) UTILITY: (Budarick) The only players I don’t like are McAsey and Townsend. I think come next Thursday you will go into panic mode because half your rookie are not named and to generate enough cash to have decent bench you have to rebuild your team! Good Luck™®© Dont waste another second on your team. The season is over. Tomorrow the English premier league will get postponed (and eventually cancelled). Seria A, the NBA, NHL, MLB all postponed. The second an AFL player tests positive for Corona virus, season over. Stop fretting. Y A W N Go to school kid Good Luck in 2021™®© Best combo 1. Grundy and Patton Or 2. Dev Smith and Jacobs? I like number 2 – will be hard to get Grundy in later though Crisp, Houston, Doc, Roberton, Cumming, Brander (Gould, Starviech) Macare, Gaff, Crouch, Cogs, Titch, Pickett, Rowell, Green (170k, Sharp) Jacobs, Naismith (Cameron) Whits, D. Smith, Dusty, Brayshaw, Patton, Taylor (Davis, King) U: Buderick 30K left who is the better option Macare or Kelly Jarrod Berry anyone ?? Got 3 spots to fill in an intermediate/expert RDT league Code 202441 Jump in! Has anyone thought of Tomlinson? risky but could work? DEF: Crisp, Smith, Lloyd, May, Houston, Hibberd (Brander, McCasey) MID: Kelly, Titch, Setterfield, Bont, Picket, Serong, Boak, Green (Rowell, Sharp) RUCK: Naismith, Jacobs (Xerri) FWD: Whitfield, Hoff, Brayshaw, Rankine, King, Taylor (Davis, Budarick) U: McHenry Hahah gotta be one of the worst, back to the drawing board son lol made my day Gee thats a different team, Not sure about setters,boak,may, (no grundy or gawn), hoff, wouldnt be putting king on the ground and your also wasting rowell on the bench needs to have those mid pricers downgraded to rooks and use the cash better Inside info on setterfield at Carlton, Boak and Hoff will start the year very well yes rowell will be on the field. I hate Vanilla teams so this is my compromise dont care if it sux lol I honestly think besides the confirmation of rookies for R1 my team is pretty much set. Would love your opinions though. DEF: Smith, Houston, Docherty, Roberton, McFasey, Cumming (Williams, Greaves) MID: Macrae, Coniglio, Merrett, Bontempelli, Mitchell, Rowell, Anderson, Green (Pickett, Sharp) RUCK: Goldstein, Jacobs (Naismith) FWD: Whitfield, MacPherson, Brayshaw, Lukosius, Schultz, Brander (King, Taylor) UT: Starcevich Previous years I’ve gone for the highest players as possible for scoring thought I’d switch it up and go for premiums and money-makers hence why the rookies are so expensive (Naismith particularly). I know Grundy is not in there but I just can’t justify bringing in a 900K player when there are so many bargains and not many 170K rookies. Goldstein is low in my opinion so hopefully he gets back to his best. Careful with Goldy, he’s 31 now. and I don’t see him getting close to his 113 best. Don’t know if there’s enough upside there. I’d almost say take another 80k or so and move him to English, or even a little further to Ceglar. Love the Lukosius pick. I’m gonna go spare when the season start gets cancelled. Funny tho how this whole virus thing (for Formula1) was accurately predicted by “Asterix and the Chariot Race” – where the Italian lead racer was named “Coronavirus” … spooky wooooo. I’ve not touched my team for 2 weeks, since Marshpotato #1. I’m not going to touch it again until teams get named that are actually going to play – particularly if the season gets delayed and those players with injuries get a couple more weeks rest to get right – that will really require some thinking for RDT and SuperCoach with limited trades. … I’m waiting for the meme “The season’s gonna be delayed?!?!” “Free Kick Hawthorn!!” Jack Crisp or Brodie Smith? Crispy for the ceiling.i need to find 50k at the moment and I was wondering the same thing. Hi would welcome comments. Taking a risk with Ruck but extra premo in Mid Def: J.Crisp (97.74), D.Houston (80.35), S.Docherty (75.90), D.Roberton (44.08), H.Young (34.78), T.Watson (22.92) (M.Keane (22.92), B.Williams (22.92)) Mid: J.Macrae (115.66), M.Bontempelli (104.75), L.Neale (104.75), S.Coniglio (103.67), T.Mitchell (90.46), A.Brayshaw (69.56), C.Serong (34.51), M.Pickett (22.92) (T.Green (33.97), T.Brown (22.92)) Ruc: B.Grundy (122.14), S.Naismith (38.29) (T.Xerri (22.92)) Fwd: L.Whitfield (113.78), D.Smith (97.06), H.Greenwood (78.32), J.Patton (49.34), M.Georgiades (31.81), B.Davis (22.92) (C.Taylor (22.92), M.King (22.92)) (Cameron) Brodie Is 4 rookies in the middle too many ya think?? No mate :) Is Darcy tucker a good pod Got 93 from 82 minutes against west coast his score also caught my eye. attended more centre bounces than cerra, walters and even fyfe. with acres set to miss a 6-8 weeks, that opens up another midfield spot. looking like he is in freos midfield plans this year, but his relevancy will depend on how he can capitalise on those opportunities. has never really shown much fantasy potential, with only a high of 111 last year. interesting, but better options imo (brayshaw). if you have the balls to take the punt, i commend you. I honestly think besides the confirmation of rookies for R1 my team is pretty much set. Would love your opinions though. DEF: Smith, Houston, Docherty, Roberton, McFasey, Cumming (Williams, Greaves) MID: Macrae, Coniglio, Merrett, Bontempelli, Mitchell, Rowell, Anderson, Green (Pickett, Sharp) RUCK: Goldstein, Jacobs (Naismith) FWD: Whitfield, MacPherson, Brayshaw, Patton, Schultz, Brander (King, Taylor) UT: Starcevich Previous years I’ve gone for the highest players as possible for scoring thought I’d switch it up and go for premiums and money-makers hence why the rookies are so expensive (Naismith particularly). I know Grundy is not in there but I just can’t justify bringing in a 900K player when there are so many bargains and not many 170K rookies. Goldstein is low in my opinion so hopefully he gets back to his best. Any GWS fans out there have much info on Zac Langdon ?? Looks ripped and fit and finished a 1st & 2nd in their time trials and has had two good marsh games, I think he is much better position then shultz awkwardly priced for a rookie.. has stiff competition with Daniels (played 22 games last yr) and Hill (and GWS is stacked with mids who rotates as fwd) .. could affect his JS or output. If he plays FP – not a fantasy friendly role. Expect scores below 50 on some weeks. His score of 62 on Marsh 2 is par and could avg about the same. He’s a No for me. Trying for something a little different this year and going for more players who are bouncing back from down/injury years, or expecting a breakout, mostly because there aint that many decent rookies to field, definitely not across DEF or FWD with any confidence.. DEF: Smith, Houston, Doc, Roberton, Cumming, Gould (Williams, Watson) MID: Bont, Neale, Coniglio, Mitchell, Viney, Rowell, Green, Pickett (McInerney, Roberston) RUCK: Grundy, Jacobs (Cameron) FWD: Martin/Smith, Steven, MacPherson, Brayshaw, Ainsworth, King (Rankine, Taylor) UT: Xerri Same with everyone else, the bench spots are all up for grabs, but taking a punt on a couple POD players like Cumming, Viney, Steven and Ainsworth based on their Marsh series form.. Martin & Smith is probably going to lean towards Dusty as he’s more likely to play all 22.. I like Viney, but past history I can’t bring myself to pick him. I’d definitely pick Martin, as Smith will play a lot of forward time when Heppell comes back and when Martin plays forward he kicks more goals. Steven only played one game in Marsh series so I won’t pick him R1. I hear you about Viney, but as a big fan of his outside of DT, his tackling looks to be back to his best and as long as he can contain his free kicks against, with those 2 things (which looked good in the marsh series), I see him adding 16 points per game alone.. Steven, yeah, not sure, I can see him cracking 100, but he could be changed to Walters possibly.. DEF: B Smith, Doch, Houston, Roberton, Ash, Young (Gould, Watson) MID: Macrae, Cog, Dunks, Mitchell, Rowell, Pickett, Green, Anderson (Sharp, Roberston) RCK: Grundy, Jacobs (Naismith) FWD: Whitfield, Walters, D Smith, Brayshaw, Taylor, Brander (Davis, King) UTLY: Buderick What do we think? Obviously there’s a few rooks that you need to keep an eye on over the next 8 days. Can’t imagine them all playing. I’ve gone with Dunks in the Mid but thinking Merrett (50/50 on it) Another option I’m thinking is going Naismith to R2 then having the cash to go Brander to Steven. Thoughts? Cheers Rank these forward midpricers Parish Windgard Greenwood Petracca A.Brayshaw Anyone else should be added to the list? Shags, there’s probably only 10-15 points between them all as far as averages, so it’s tough… Greenwood – Probably the best tackler (90+) Brayshaw – Looked good in the marsh series as a full time mid (85+) Wingard – Full time mid (95+) 50/50 mid (80+) Parish – Will have 100+ games, but also 60s I think, hard to define his exact role week to week (85+) Petracca – All things equal, probably the best of the 5, but again, hard to define his exact role week to week (90+) I’m sure I’ll get slaughtered for my thoughts, but I’m only rocking with the kid from Freo in my team.. Brodie Smith or Shannon Hurn???? Brodie Smith way more explosive of the half back flank I agree jacko since Gibbs has moved to half back, Smith has increased his midfield minutes to give the engine room more pace too. So go smith Michael. Darcey Macpherson or Jack Steven? Darcy MAC!!, help above pls? Darcy .. Steven played good but squad ddnt have Jelwood and Duncan. So will pass on Steven for now til those two come back Steven Thoughts on Howe instead of Houston? NO, never…… Thoughts lads, cheers 10k left Bsmith, doch, Houston, Roberton, ash, young (gould, rivers) Macrae, dunks, yeo, cogs, titch, viney, rowell, Pickett (Anderson, green) Jacobs, naismith (williams) Whitfield, steven, Westhoff, Brayshaw, Taylor, king (rankine, budarik) Uti sharp Jack Steven and Brodie Smith Or Crisp and greenwood What do we reckon fellas? 1st option Greenwood you would think has more opportunity than steven so choice #2 Gresham vs Steven vs Petracca ?? Which one fellas long shot but any drafts happening tonight that need someone to fill a spot? MacPherson or J.Steven…also does anyone rate Rozee? I like Rozee but he has the R11 bye. Might upgrade to him after R11 if he is going well. Would you go Darcy Mac over Dusty? (Save 70k). Don’t know much about Darcy. Is he playing permanent mid or is he too risky? I have… Good Bye Round… Has increased every year… 52 71 87 ?????? Good Luck™®© I am Ready! Good Luck™®© I’m leaning towards Dusty over D Mac atm One thing i have learnt over many years is back your own judgement, Have a plan and stick to it despite what others do… Good Luck™®© best 726k players any postion Crisp / Doch / Titch / McCluggage / ROB / Dusty / Walters – take your pick e.g. Crisp vs D.Smith Gresham vs Steven vs Petracca ?? Which one fellas Steven 100% Ben Ainsworth is someone i haven’t heard anyone talk of and had 2 really good Marsh games, is he a trap or what are peoples thoughts on him? Ainsworth was rated highly as a youngster (4th Pick). Has been plagued by injury’s over the past few years.This could be his breakout year if his body is right. Priced at 483k i think it is too much unless you see him averaging anywhere in the 80s this season. Additionally, I would take GC scores with a grain of salt as they played a heavily depleted cats side and the new look young crows. gold coasts midfield is surprisingly deep and ainsworth isn’t really in the equation (didn’t attend any centre bounces against adelaide). will play mostly high half forward i assume, which limits his scoring a bit. should average around 80 imo. Feedback appreciated: DEF: Crisp, B Smith, Houston, Doch, Roberton, Brander (Ling, McLennan) MID: Dramafield, Bont, Titch, MacPherson, Narkle, Rowell, Robertson, Pickett (Valente, McHenry) RCK: Grundy, ROB (Naismith) FWD: Whitfield, Dusty, Brayshaw, Poholke, Taylor, Rankine (Cavarra, King) UTLY: Starcevich Rooks will be rearranged according to who is selected in round 1. Quite a few of your under 250k wont play or have poor JS which means you may need a major reshuffle.. Good Luck™®© agree with chosen one, i count 8. id recommend trying to get some money in your kitty so you are prepared to upgrade to blokes who are named round 1. Finally 30 blokes looking at me when i am talking! Good Luck™®© DEF: Crisp, Houston, Doc, Cerra, Roberton, Brander (170k,170k) MID: Macrae, Cogs, Cripps, Steele, Titch, Rowell, Green, Pickett (170k,170k) RUC: Grundy, Naismith (170k) FWD: Smith, Steven, Macpherson, Brayshaw, Long, Taylor (170k,170k) 17k left Because you have all 170k’s on the bench you need to have more money left over to cover the rooks. Personally I would drop Steele for Parish or Hanners and bank the money… Thoughts on my current set up would be appreciated. Rooks will change dependent on Round 1 teams. $87k remaining DEF: Houston, Haynes, Docherty, Roberton, Young, Starcevich (Mcasey, Gould) MID: Macrae, Dangerfield, Coniglio, Mitchell, Viney, Rowell, Robertson, Pickett (Green, Sharp) RUC: Gawn, Jacobs (Naismith) FWD: Smith, MacPherson, Greenwood, Brayshaw, Brander, Taylor (King, Rankine) UTL: (Budarick) Tossing up starting this team depending on rookies named – What do people think? DEF: Smith, Houston, Docherty, Roberton, McAsey, Brander, (Williams, McLennan) MID: Dunkley, Zerrett, Danger, Cogs, Titch, Rowell, Green, Pickett, (Brown, Valente) RUCK: Grundy, Jacobs, (Naismith) FWD: Whitfield, Greenwood, Ceglar, Brayshaw, Townsend, Taylor, (Rankine, King) UTILITY: (Budarick) The only players I don’t like are McAsey and Townsend. Pick one out of Dawson, Steven or Greenwood, cannot make up my mind…. I’m going Steven at this point of time Michael , he has been a proven fantasy gun before, he’s a bull if a midfielder and a gem to have as a FWD and I’m sure he can get back to his best. Seems happy playing footy right now. With greenwood I feel against undermanned sides he had performed well. They do have a lot of midfielders and not sure how there team will be suited and their rotations. Dawson was subdued a bit on the weekend with Lloyd back too so for me I’ve chosen Steven but that’s my opinion. Tucker or Cerra What does Ash’s and Green’s Job Security look like guys? Would love an opinion on the below: Def: Smith, Doch, Houston, Roberton, Ash, Gould (Starcevich, Watson) Mid: Macrae, Cogs, Cripps, Titch, Rowell, Pickett, Anderson, Green (Brown, Sharp) Ruck: Grundy, Jacobs (Cameron) Fwd: Whitfield, Walters, Macpherson, Steven, Brayshaw, Taylor (Davis, King, Budarick) Up for debate, Devon Smith or Lachie Whitfield? Thoughts on having an extra 144k to work with? It all depends on exactly what you do with that extra $144k With the rookie pool as bright as Hawk’s IQ The Question should be how long will it take you to make 144k to get him in??? Good Luck™®© Current team as it stands: Fantasy- Def: Crisp, Docherty, Houston, Roberton, Brander, Madgen, (Williams, Watson) Mid: Bontempelli, Coniglio, Yeo, Mitchell, Rowell, Green, Sharp, Pickett (McInerny, buderick) Ruck: Grundy, Sauce, (Naismith) Fwd: Whitfield, MacPherson, Brayshaw, Bailey Smith, Bewley, Crocker, (King, Taylor) Uti: Xerri 330k banked currently, Plan was to downgrade Whitfield, and therefore upgrade 2 of Bailey Smith, sharp or Madgen to underpriced premiums. Hahaha Chosen that made my day lol Still got spots in my DT Talk leagues ;) AF: XS2ZKUMC RDT: 456907 I’m in! Just joined, looking forward to it I’m in, won it last year so would be rude not to enter again Looking to fill up my Fantasy classic league, League of Ordinary Gentleman. Everyone welcome! League code: 7L346YW4 Cheers Just joined cheers Joining because I like the league name ;) Rank this list Bont Zmerret Danger Cripps Neale B crouch Yeo. Zerrett Bont Crouch Neale Cripps Yeo Danger Neale Zerret Bouch Cripps Bont Yeo Danger Bont Zmerret Cripps Danger B Crouch Yeo Neale Got some more spots to fill in my RDT league League code: 202441 Get involved! Anyone considering starting either Seb Ross or Jack Steele in their midfield? I think the bont will average more than mccrae and Dunkley this year just have a feeling he will hit 110 Seb Ross was my M4, but he underwhelmed through the Marsh series.. Steele looked good, but there’s more value in someone like McGluggage, Brayshaw, or even fellow Saint, Brad Hill.. Any drafts out there that still have spots? Would love some advice on my team. Def: Crisp, Houston, Docherty, Roberton, Young, Gould, (Goddard, Starcevich) Mid: Macrae, Dunkley, Coniglio, Mitchell, Rowell, Anderson, Serong, McHenry (Pickett, Budarick) Ruck: Grundy, ROB (Cameron) Fwd: Whitfield, Wingard, Greenwood, Brayshaw, Townsend, Georgiades (King, Rankine) Uti: Xerri Defense: normal, looks fine Mid: too many rooks I reckon, I like the premos though Ruc: fine Fwd: I don’t like Townsend or Georgiades Final: Maybe downgrade ROB to Jacobs and use cash to upgrade a rookie Defence Crisp, Houston, Docherty, Roberton, cumming, zero-thatcher (Gould, greaves) Mids Dunkley, Coniglio, Bontempelli, Mitchell, Rowell, Anderson, green, Pickett (Sharp, brown) Rucks Grundy, Jacobs (Naismith) Fwds Whitfield, stevens, Greenwood, Brayshaw, Schultz, Taylor (Rankine, budarick) Utility Brander What do you think of my team Anybody considering starting either Seb Ross or Jack Steele in their midfield? I think the bont will average more than mccrae and Dunkley this year just have a feeling he will hit 110 I’ve wanted to back Steele for the last two years. I’m confident he’ll average 100+ with Ratten in charge. Just unsure by how much and if it’ll warrant the pick. Hey guys, what are your thoughts on this team? Def – Smith, Houston, Doch, Howe, Roberton, Gould Mid – Kelly, Macrae, Treloar, Cogs, Titch, Rowell, Anderson, Picket Ruck – Jacobs, Naismtih Fwd – Martin, Smith, Greenwood, Brayshaw, Patton, Jones Got 48k in the bank, appreciate any feedback. GET GRUNDY!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! +1 Treloar wont play first few rounds with a hammy. Would love some opinions on this team. Obviously rookies are subject to change when teams are announced: Def: Smith, Houston, Docherty, Howe, Roberton, Brander (Williams, Watson) Mids: Kelly, Macrae, Coniglio, Mitchell, Viney, Rowell, Green, Pickett (Budarick, Brown) Rucks: Grundy, Naismith (Cameron) Fwd: Whitfield, Steven, Petracca, Brayshaw, Patton, Taylor (Rankine, King) Uti: Xerri Salary $13k Hey lads, anyway to check overall rank from last season? Best combo 1. Grundy and Patton Or 2. Jacobs and Devon smith? I don’t think Patton will score much so 2. RDT Leagues to fill: 738516 Yagobombers 17/18 . 794917 DT Addicts. 16/18 360371 Raw Deal. 11/18 The One, no.2 more output, 2 keepers. Zac.. you could cash in Petracca & Patton for 1 keeper Devon Smith and cash as sort of mentioned to upgrade playing rookies if needed, not sure about Howe. Otherwise all good in my humble opinion. In a pickle of what to do, some advice would be appreciated. Def: Smith, Houston, Doch, Cerra, Roberton, Ash Mid: Dunkley, Coniglio, Adams, Mitchell, A Brayshaw, Hately, Rowell, Pickett Ruck: Grundy, Jacobs Fwd: Devon, Steven, Greenwood, Petracca, Flanders, Rankine 54K left Steven.., main concern is forward rookies on field and not much cash to upgrade come game day. I would be prepared to ditch Mid pricer to improve playing rookies if needed. Have a plan B, for peace of mind. Solid team. thanks will do Thoughts on this team: DEF: Crisp, Houston, doc, roberton, Mcasey, Gould (Brander, Watson) MID: Macrae, Danger, Nigs, Titch, Brayshaw, Rowel, Green, Pickett (Anderson, Starcevich) Ruck: Grundy, Naismith (Xerri) FWD: Whitfield, Martin, Smith, Petracca, Townsend, Taylor (King, Budarick) UTIL: Rankine Feedback appreciated! Best combo 1. Grundy and Patton Or 2. Jacobs and Devon smith Looks great Tyler, tell me about McAsey, is he good to go .? No. 2 looking for few people for my league JVECULRS Dusty or Jack steven + 65k? Fantasy League XSVDDN53 size 20 starts R1. League has Calvin Roy Warne The Traders and Fantasy Freako. Require 1 more player to fill league. Thanks. 1. Andrew Gaff, Devon Smith & Sam Naismith or 2. Lachie Neale, Chad Wingard & Sauce Jacobs 1. points much the same, more $ to gain Dusty, if he has a go. Anyone here liking Bailey Smith from WBD? 11 tackles on the weekend and around the same in the first game has really caught my eye, anyone see enough upside? His role was good and I like the way he goes about it also. Think there is enough, BUT not sure if worth over some of the other 500k forwards I’ve got him in a group with Ainsworth and rowbottom, but got those two ahead of him on price Looking to fill up my Fantasy classic league. Everyone welcome! East Coast Battle Royale League code: 3C53S2SD Cheers Thoughts? Also I have 409k remaining. Any ideas on where to spend it? DEF: Crisp, Smith, Houston, Docherty, Roberton, Brander, (BWilliams, Watson) MID: Macrae, Dunkley, Cogs, Titch, Rowell, Green, Sharp, Pickett (Connolly, McHenry) Ruck: Jacobs, Naismith (Xerri) FWD: Whitfield, Steven, Greenwood, Petracca, Brayshaw, Taylor (King, Rankine) UTIL: Davis Spend it on getting Grundy somehow not sure if you need to have Grundy at his current price but i would be tempted to swap xerri and maybe nicnat placing Naismith as sub? would also look at putting darcy cameron in as utility, i think he will play games this year at the expense of Cox Def: Smith, Doch, Houston, Roberton, Ash, Young (Starcevich, Gould) Mid: Macrae, Cogs, Merrett, Titch, Anderson, Rowell, Pickett, Green (McHenry, Sharp) Ruck: Grundy, Gawn (Cameron) Fwd: Whitfield, Walters, D Smith, Brayshaw, Rankine, King (Cavarra, Budarick) Utility: Smith Thoughts would be greatly appreciated. Not sure about Gawn but I like the thought of set and forget both ruck. I know I’m one less Premium in the mid but it free’s up cash to spend in the other positions and allows you to have the playing rooks. Gawn averaged more than Dunkley, Gaff, Merrett etc so nothing wrong with that pick, but can’t see all of Ash, Young & Rankine playing Rd 1. Defence Crisp, Houston, Docherty, Roberton, cumming, zero-thatcher (Gould, greaves) Mids Dunkley, Coniglio, Bontempelli, Mitchell, Rowell, Anderson, green, Pickett (Sharp, brown) Rucks Grundy, Jacobs (Naismith) Fwds Whitfield, stevens, Greenwood, Brayshaw, Schultz, Taylor (Rankine, budarick) Utility Brander What do you think of my team Guys OK guys, this is the only time I will put up my team for RDT. I cannot see too many problems with this team and have enough money to cover any problems should they arise… BACKS. Crisp, Hurn, Docherty, Houston, Roberton, McAsey. (Young, Gould.) MIDS. Macrae, Merrett, Coniglio, Mitchell, Yeo, Rowell, Green, Pickett. (Robertson, Sharp, Budarick.) RUCKS. Grundy, Jacobs. (Conroy.) FWDS. Whitfield, Smith, Brayshaw, Steven, Brander, Taylor. ( Georgiades, King.) $78,500 left in the Bank… all thoughts and criticisms considered…… Rate in order of choice: Sharp, Anderson,Rowell rowell, gap to anderson, chasm to sharp Anderson or Green? Green JS a concern for Green? Hately in front of him in the pecking order surely. Option 1 or 2 Crisp, Deven Robertson & Steven Or Dusty, Madgen/Ash & Viney Cheers Teams seems alright just scared it gonna get shat on. Def: Smith, Houston, Haynes, Doc, Roberton, Ash (Greaves, B.Williams) Mid: J.Kelly, Fyfe, Neale, Bont, Cog, McGrath, Tom Green, Pickett (Budarick, McHenry) Ruck: Jacobs, Naismith (Xerri) Fwd: Parish, Westhoff, Brayshaw, Smith, Simpkin, Curts Taylor (Rankine, King) Utility: Brander It’s very unique that’s for sure.. You need to find a way to get Rowell in though, obvious solution is McGrath down, and then upgrade 1 of Westhoff/Smith Def: Smith Houston Docherty Roberton Madgen Ash (Brander Watson) Mid: Coniglio Bont Mitchell Viney McGrath Rowell Anderson Pickett (Robertson Buderick) Ruc: Grundy Jacobs (Naismith) For: Whitfield Wingard Greenwood Brayshaw Patton Townsend (Rankine King) Utility: Taylor Thoughts would be much appreciated boys I’m stuck Team 1 Smith, Houston, doc, Roberton, ash, Gould (brander, starcevich Macrae, dunks, cogs, titch, Rowell, Anderson, green, picket (sharp, Robertson Grundy, sauce (Naismith) Whitfield, Greenwood, petracca, Brayshaw, Patton, Schultz (king, Rankine Utility Taylor 46 K remaining Or team 2 Smith, Houston, doc, Roberton, ash, Gould (Greaves, starcevich Macrae, dunks, cogs, titch, hopper, Rowell, Anderson, green (Pickett Grundy, Naismith ( Cameron) Whitfield Greenwood petracca Brayshaw Patton brander (king, Rankine) Utility Taylor 73 K remaining Team 1 i like 2 because risking the ruck combo Ash might not be round 1 start Picket on the ground Who for Rick combo Grundy & Jacobs Or Grundy $ Stefan Martin Grundy and jacobs. Stef has shakers ruck with big O *Shared +1 Crisp & Greenwood or Smith & Dusty Def: Sicily, Houston, Doc, Roberton,Cumming, Gould (Goddard and Williams) Mid: Macrae, B Crouch, Oliver, Cogs, Titch, Rowell, Sharp, Pickett (Brown, Mclernery) Ruck: Grundy, Jacobs (Xerri) Forward: Whitfield, MacPherson, Brayshaw, Bonar, Brander, Rankine (Cameron, King) Utility: Budarick Bank :309k looking for some advise and opinons on my team also maybe some better options really looking for vaule with what i got well what do we make of that weekend guys and gals, r ur teams locked and loaded lol from the foot fetish girl who loves her feet in baked beans Thoughts? open to criticism. $1k left. Def: Docherty, Roberton, Houston, Br. Smith, Starcevich, Brander ( Gould, Goddard) Mid: Bontempelli, Coniglio, A. Brayshaw, T. Mitchell, Martin, Parish, Anderson, Rowell (Pickett, Mchenry) Rucks: Grundy, Jacobs ( Cameron) Fwd: Whitfield, Petracca, Ba.Smith, Papley, Schultz, Georgiades (Rankine, King) Util: Xerri Schultz needed 4 goals to put up a decent score, what is he going to score with none? How is this team? DEF: Smith, Houston, Docherty, Roberton, Gould, Brander, (Williams, Greaves) MID: Dunkley, Danger, Cogs, Titch, MacPherson, Rowell, Green, Pickett, (Brown, McInerney) RUCK: Grundy, Jacobs, (Cameron) FWD: Whitfield, Parish, Greenwood, Brayshaw, Snelling, Townsend, (Rankine, King) UTILITY: Budarick Haven’t been on DT for over 5 years so wanting to hear thoughts on my lineup Crisp – Houston – Doc – Roberton – Gould – Young (McLennan / Greaves) Macrae – Gaff – Coniglio – McCluggage – Mitchell – Rowell – Anderson – Pickett (McHenry / Collier-Dawks) Grundy – English (Cameron) Whitfield – McPherson – Rozee – Brayshaw – Davis – Sturt (Rankine / King) UTI: Xerri Bench rooks will most likely change with R1 lineups DEF: Br. Smith, Houston, Docherty, Roberton, Brander, Gould (Starcevich, Greaves) MID: Dunkley, Merrett, Coniglio, Mitchell, Zorko, Rowell, Sharp, Pickett (McInerney, McHenry) RUC: Grundy, Jacobs (Cameron, Budarick (UTL)) FWD: Whitfield, Petracca, Parish, Brayshaw, Bonar, Townsend (Rankine, King) Sharp or Anderson ??? Thoughts DEF: J. Lloyd, J. Sicily, D. Houston, S. Docherty, D. Roberton, W. Gould. (D. Greaves, B.Williams) MID: L. Neale, P. Cripps, T. Mitchell, D. Hannebery, T. Cutler, M. Rowell, T. Green, M. Pickett. (L. Valente, R. Collier-Dawkins) RUC: B. Grundy, S. Jacobs. (T. Xerri) FWD: L. Whitfield, T. Greene, C. Petracca, J. Townsend, W. Snelling, M. King. (S. Sturt, D. Cameron) UTL: M. Georgiades Got 29k left This is my team so far, are there any players I should get rid of then who should I try get in? Will most of these rookies play or not? What does everyone think of this side open to change it up. Tom Cutler? Dan Hannebery? Eeeek… None of your bench is going to play apart from Sturt and Georgiades who will both average 40 tops. I’d go Cutler to Anderson and Hannebery to a premium (Dangerfield maybe). What’s the best combo here? 1. Danger + Schultz 2. Pendles + Bewley 3. Zorko + Bewley I’m currently at 3 but I would like to know what you guys think. 3 Or 4: Crocker + Josh Kelly Who should score more J Steven or C Wingard ? Steven i think Wingard, if he can stay fit. from the foot fetish girl who loves her feet in bake beans Research done, Locking my team in. DEF: J Crisp, B Smith, D Houston, S Docherty, W Gould, B Starcevich (D Greaves, H Goddard) MID: J Macrae, P Cripps, S Coniglio, T Mitchell, E Curnow, M Rowell, J Sharp, M Pickett (J Bytel, N Mchenry) RUC: B Grundy, S Jacobs (D Cameron) FWD: L Whitfield, H Greenwood, C Rozee, A Brayshaw, J Brander, B Davis (M King, I Rankine) UTL: C Budarick 38k in the bank, and looking forward to ROUND ONE. Good luck everyone! English and townsend/rook/midpricer up to 500k or naismith and steven *already have brayshaw Upgraded my team post preseason, thoughts? DEF Crisp, Houston, Docherty, Cerra, Lukosius, Roberton (T.Watson, Kennerley) MID Macrae, Dangerfield, Coniglio, Adams, T.Mitchell, Rowell, Anderson, Pickett (D.Robertson, T.Brown) RUC Jacobs, Naismith (Cameron) FWD Whitfield, MacPherson, Petracca, Brayshaw, Patton, Crocker (King, Rankine) UTL (C.Taylor) $4k in bank Put Williams in D8 for Kennerley as he’s a good chance to play Round 1** I would say “chance” not “good”, will be unlikely. I like the structure of this team. Struggling to see how it fits into budget, which is a good thing! Seems to be slightly weak on the rookies. I would personally hate to miss the likes of Green, Serong/Stephens in a year with limited rooks and face having to use 2 trades to get a 170ker up to them. Other than that I quite like what you have done. I can see how it fits into budget now, no Grundy! Gosh. Some spots left in new Draft League – “Killer Coaches”. Code/pin is NYTSHT6L. Live Draft this Thursday 12th March at 6pm AEDT. Head-to-head matchups start in Round One. Please join if keen to stick with it the whole season! G’day boys. Rookies are absolutely killing us atm and I’ve had to change my team up a bit to compensate. Would love your comments DEF: B. Smith, Dawson, Houston, Docherty, Roberton, Gould (Greeves, Williams) MID: Macrae, Coniglio, Cripps, Macpherson, Titchell, Rowell, Anderson, Pickett (McHenry, Starcevich) RUC: Grundy, Jacobs (Cameron) FWD: Whitfield, Greenwood, Rozee, Brayshaw, Taylor, Budarick (Rankine, M. King) UTL: Xerri $8k left. Very tempted to pick up Naismith for R2 to save money and upgrade some of the rooks I have around. Your team will look better if you do! Good Luck™®© RDT Def – Crisp, Doc, Houston, Roberton, Ash, Starcevich (Greaves, Gould) Mid – Macrae, Dunkley, Oliver, Coniglio, Titch, Rowell, Green, Pickett (McHenry, Robertson, Budarick) Ruck – Grundy, Jacobs (Cameron) Fwd – Whitfield, Dusty, MacPherson, Brayshaw, Townsend, Flanders (Taylor, King) $98,000 left Any thoughts? Not Sure Ash, Starcevich, Greaves, Gould, McHnery, Robertson, Flanders are in the best 22… As you know with RDT limited trades means you need to nail your rookies and i feel you haven’t done that.. Good Luck™®© Thanks, the rooks at the moment are just place holders, using some e pensive to ensure I can make easy changes once teams are out. Good luck to you to ? I finally think that I have finished my team for RDT…. Backs. Lloyd, Crisp, Docherty, Houston, Ash, McAsey. (Watson, Gould.) Mids. Macrae, Merrett, Coniglio, Mitchell, Yeo, Rowell, Anderson, Green. (Robertson, Sharp, Budarick.) Rucks. Grundy, Jacobs. ( Conroy.) Fwds. Whitfield, Smith, Brayshaw, Steven, Brander, Georgiades. (Taylor, King.) only have $67,700 left in the Bank… All thoughts and comments will be appreciated… be harsh if you want… Few holes there. No Pickett? Change Green to Pickett, Georgiades to Schultz, Gould to Williams (WC) and Conroy to Cameron/Xerri Would love some thoughts on my team guys. Everyone is so helpful so I just would also like to thank everyone who helps others than just asking for their own accord! Remaining: 4k DEF: Crisp, Houston, Doc, Roberton, Young, Starcevich (Williams, Watson) MID: Dunkley, Fyfe, Cogs, Cripps, Titch, Rowell, Anderson, Sharp (Pickett, Brown) RUC: Grundy, Gawn (Cameron) FWD: Whitfield, Greenwood, Brayshaw, Patton, Brander, Taylor (Rankine, King) UTL: McInerney Tobe Watson a stretch for R1 but might make it later in the year. Young might play for Hill, but didn’t play a Marsh game – I have him in for now but it is wait and see. Starc I would only have on the bench. Good mids and rucks, not sure about Fyfe though, don’t think he will be top 6. Forwards and rucks very good as well. Tobe Watson is a good chance to play as the 3rd tall with Pearce & Hamling out 15 rookies (bench+field) is far too many this year IMO. A lot of whom you have picked (8/15) I’d say will not play round 1. I would be trying to find more value where you can to decrease your amount of overall rookies. too much value in the rucks to start with gawn imo. downgrade him to sauce/naismith and use that cash to upgrade some of them def and fwd rookies to mid pricers. Thoughts on McCluggage guys? 116 and 89 across the 2 games. Playing more of an inside mid role this year. Priced at 91, what can he average? I’m bullish on him He was on my short list of potential break outs and i think he will go the 101 but for me there is not enough upside. Good Luck™®© Hey guys. Bit late to the party, but just started playing around with my team. Is it just me, or do rookies just suck balls this year? Apart from a few obvious picks….cobwebs. Yep they do. Even if we get some 170k bolter round 1 I still feel as though I will be paying up this year. I only have 2 players under 250k on my field and one of them is Pickett, Need to look a little higher for value with the limited pool of round 1 rookies. Good Luck™®© I have 1 atm, with F6 up for grabs.. I’m currently running with 3, but left with more cash in the bank then I’d like atm i reckon the other is brander DEF: Smith, Houston, Docherty, Cerra, Roberton, Cumming (McAsey, Watson) MID: Macrae, Dunkley, Coniglio, Titchell, Rowell, Anderson, Green, Pickett (Serong, Robertson) RUC: Grundy, Naismith (Xerri) FWD: Whitfield, Greenwood, Petracca, Brayshaw, Bewley, Patton (Taylor, Rankine) UTL: King Remaining: 0K This is how my team lines up heading into round 1 selection & further news, what are your thoughts? really great team mate. won’t have to worry about those fwd and def rookies scoring like shite when you don’t own any! might just think about taking this strategy into my own team. however, don’t be surprised when petracca disappoints round 1. one of the best and most interesting teams i’ve seen on here yet. It’s definitely unique, but I’d say a bit too reliant on the mid pricers with too much $$ sitting on the pine in McAsey, Serong & Robertson.. I’d be looking at dropping Cerra to a 170k (Williams?) and playing McAsey, and a similar move with Bewley/Patton (to a rookie) with the extra $$ allowing you to upgrade Serong/Robertson to an under priced MID for M5 Doug with that strategy, I really want to come up against your team in round 1. Seems like you’re using a strategy from 2018 you confident Cerra will get mid time? hasn’t looked good in Marsh. i like what you have done value wise, probably one decent mid short for mine though but should get most on field playing round 1 IMO yes, look at the defenders that Fremantle were missing in that game, someone had to go and play down there. Also, especially those who know me in the DT community here. Jump in my league AF: XS2ZKUMC RDT: 456907 Comment on this message if you are in :) I’m happy to take the easy win :) Good Luck™®© in both, cheers 1. Zmerrt and viney 2. Cripps and Adams? Viney is great value, but Adams has a higher ceiling, so 2 for me.. Westhoff and Patton Or deven Smith and taylor/Davis 170k player don’t like westhoff, so i’d have to say option 2. however, i think patton is value. Any help or thoughts , thanks Def – smith , Houston, doc , Roberton, Gould , brander ( Williams , greaves ) Mids- mccrea , Conigs , Neale , tmitch , green , Rowell , Robertson, Stephens ( Pickett , starcevich) Rucks – Grundy , Jacobs ( Cameron ) Fwds – whit , dusty, Stevens , McPherson , Stuart, Georgiadis ( king , rankine ) Ult – McHenry Bank – 273k some of those rookies will really hurt your scores (Gould, Brander, Stephens, Georgiades, sturt) i’d recommend reshuffling some of your premiums to some mid pricers/fallen premos to be able to upgrade some of the guys mentioned above. This is not the year to be going guns and rookies. Which option will score the most? 1. Grundy and Rookie (Sharp if he plays) 2. Jacobs and Viney 120+50=170 80+90=170 1 gives you a pig captain option plus a risky rook. 2 gives you 2 mid pricers with great JS. Sharp is a gun think you’ve under sold his scoring 65-75 Been playing this game for over a decade, planning anything over 50 for a rook is asking for dissapointment. +1.. Good Luck™®© so your not playing any rooks on field? Using that logic you shouldn’t, should really be a case by case basis This is what my team will look like heading into round 1. Any thoughts and suggestions would be much appreciated! DEF: B. Smith, Houston, Docherty, Roberton, Young, Brander (Watson, Williams) MID: Macrae, Gaff, Merrett, Coniglio, Mitchell, Rowell, Anderson, Pickett (McHenry, Brown) RUC: Grundy, Naismith (Cameron) FWD: Whitfield, Smith, Greenwood, Brayshaw, Patton, Taylor (King, Rankine) UTL: Xerri Remaining: 13K my team is the exact same, but ive got gould instead of brander Feels wrong, but I’m thinking of not starting with Macrae, anyone else doing this? Figure the $$ (and POD) for going down to Merrett, Oliver, or even Yeo could be handy elsewhere.. I am not starting with him better value around IMO and it allows you to free up some cash to cover the lack of decent rookies in 2020.. Good Luck™®© My M1 sits below 780k on that reasoning wouldnt it be better if you dnt start with grundy over anyone? Hey guys would love some feedback on this Don’t feel right starting without Whitfield but gotta risk it to get the biscuit basically just to upgrade my rookies on bench for cash generation Backline: B.Smith, Docherty, roberton, houston, cumming & Gould ( Williams, brander ) Midfield: Josh kelly, Coniglio, Titch, Bontempelli, Viney, Rowell, sharp, Pickett ( Robertson, McHenry ) Rucks: Grundy, sauce Jacobs ( Cameron ) Forward: Dusty, dev smith, Greenwood, Brayshaw, Townsend, zac Langdon ( King, Rankine ) Thoughts guys would be appreciated and good to be back for 2020 Who is the better pick Taylor Adams and Brodie Smith or Tom Mitchell and Sam Docherty I just thinking because brodie smith will easy average 95+ coming off the Half Back and Taylor Adams will average what i think near 110 Where Tom Mitchell is maybe the 105 mark and sam Docherty around 90 Im not sure This is probably a stupid question Understand your thinking, but the Doc & Titch (when fit) are almost the greatest ever Fantasy scorers at their positions, averages for both should be 115+ and 105+ easily.. Yeah i think my brain is not being smart today Probably what I will roll into round 1 with. Went against starting Whitfield because I feel like he is only 1 tagged game from a steep drop in price (see the finals series).Madgen only slightly more expensive than McAsey and scored a lot more during preseason games so figured it was worth the punt Def: Crisp, Smith, Docherty, Roberton, Cumming, Madgen (Brander, Watson) Mid: Dunkley, Danger, Coniglio, Mitchell, Houston, Rowell, Anderson, Green (Sharp, Pickett) Ruck: Grundy, Jacobs (Naismith) Fwd: Steven, Macpherson, Brayshaw, Bewley, Schultz, Taylor (King, Budarick) Uti: Xerri/Cameron 26k remaining We have many same! Good Luck™®© Would like to get some feedback on my current RDT. Def: Crisp, Weller, Docherty, Houston, Roberton, BZT (Young, Gould) Mid: Kelly, Macrae, Gaff, Cogs, Titch, Rowell, Pickett, Green (Anderson, Sharp, Budarick) Ruck: Jacobs, Naismith (132k loophole option) Fwd: Whitfield, Dusty, Devon, Brayshaw, Steven, Taylor (Rankine, King) With Crisp->Brodie or/& Dusty->Ceglar/Greenwood in hand i can fix any rookies not named to the other names like Brander/Townsend/Ash ect. Too much value in the ruck to pass on, i’m happy to walk the walk on that rather than just talk the talk. Opinions? Remember its not just 1 Grundy you get… Good Luck™®© Anyone considering starting either Seb Ross or Jack Steele in their midfield? I think the bont will average more than mccrae and Dunkley this year just have a feeling he will hit 110 hi guys, 1) Sic & Jacobs 2) Lloyd and Naismith very conflicted AFL FANTASY DEF: Crisp, Houston, Doc, Roberton, Mcasey, Gould (Brander, Watson) MID: Macrae, Danger, Coniglio, Yeo, Rowel, Anderson, Green, Pickett (Budarick, Starcevich) RUC: Grundy, Naismith (Xerri) FWD: Whitfield, Martin, Smith, Brayshaw, Townsend, Taylor (Sturt, King) UTILITY: Rankine I have 309k in the bank to play with, however i’m not sure what to do with it. Not sure about the midfield structure of 4 guns and 4 rooks but I think that’s where money can be made (could move one to the bench and upgrade to another gun)? Feedback would be appreciated. Pick one Bont Zmerret Danger Cripps Pendles Yeo Steele? if you don’t already have macrae and dunkley id say Bont Yeo Danger Merret Cripps Steele Pendles Best mid for $737k Got titch already Thanks Hey guys second year doing this think I’m getting the hang of it.. Any help would be appreciated =) Def Crisp, smith, doc, Houston, roberton, young Goddard, gould Mid Gaff, neale, Mitchell, cripps, hannerbury, Rowell, pickett, serong, Robertson, mchenry, mcinerny Ruck Grundy, Jacobs(possibly nic Nat derby pending), zerri Fwds Whitfield, Martin, petracca, smith, Hill, brander Bruderick, King 57k bank Thanks in advance I like your defense, but I don’t like the FWDs, I think there are too many risky picks there Cheers.. Risky as in petracca and Smith?.. Watching this week’s footy to see who gets those spots… Had petracca last year and his role looks good fingers crossed.. Not sold on Smith though No I like Smith (in defense but not the one up forward I would rather have someone like Greenwood), I meant Risky like Hill, and the job security on some rooks on your ground (Brander, Serong, Petracca could either burn you hard or boost you up the rankings a lot it’s up to you on him. I’ve just changed smith to brayshaw after watching the derby.. Rookies are subject to change I just wanted to spend more cash on my on fields cuz I figured was easier to downgrade for round one selections than upgrade to more expensive ones if needed.. Hill is a bit of a make or break pod for me… He’s Def in their 22.. I’m hoping for 70/80 for a rookie price fingers crossed Maybe use the cash you you got from Smith to Brayshaw to upgrade a rook or Hill? I am a freo supporter and I reckon Hill might be on limited minutes for the first few rounds… Also don’t bother with NicNat he will be on limited minutes too. Other than that there would only be a few changes I would make, but nothing big, it’s good to keep your team your own! what is everyone doing with Jones and Poholke after yesterday’s game? i’m thinking bewley and georgiades, but not very confident at all. I’m doing the same as I think with Acres injury Bewley should score well Thoughs on Gold Coast Rookies – How many is too many. Currently looking at up to 5 in my team. Is this too many? I currently have 4 but will be 5 if Sharp gets a game 4 for me. Rowell, Anderson, Sharp and Rankine. R6W92JE2 Houtson, Docherty, Cerra, Roberton, McAsey, Gould (Mclennan,Watson) Macrae, Gaff, Merrett, Walsh, Mitchell, Rowell, Serong, Pickett (Robertson, McHenry) Grundy, Jacobs (Naismith) Whitfield, Smith, Greenwood, Patton, Townsend Georgiades (Davis,King) Utility: Brander. Bank: 35k Got a bit of cash on the bench, but i think cash generation is going to be important this season. But defs open for suggestions! A few interesting PODs there, not sure I would pick them but I guess that’s why they are PODs… Very solid team mate, very similar to mine with just 4 differences! thanks mate! What four you got different? No Cerra, Gaff, Merrett or Walsh for me. Bench rookies different too. Def: Crisp, Houston, Doc, Roberton, Young, Gould (Greaves, Keane) Mid: Macrae, Dunks, Oliver, Tich, Andy Brayshaw, Rowell, Anderson, Pickett (McHenry, Budarick) Ruc: Grundy, Jacobs (Cameron) Fwd: Whitfield, Wingard, Greenwood, Rozee, Bewley, Georgiades (King, Davis) Utl: Rankine 19k remaining Thanks for your thoughts Hi everyone final team this week DEF Daniel,Houston, Docherty,Ash, Rivers,Starcevich (Goddard,McKay ) MID Macrae, Dunkley, Mitchell, E Curnow S Walsh,J Hopper, Serong,Pickett (Bytel.McHenry) RUC Grundy,Jacobs(Xerri ) FOR Whitfield, Greenwood,Rozee,Patton,Georgiades.Brander (Rankine, king) Utility(Cameron) 96000$ left any suggestions please and goodluck Too many rooks in the backline, replace one with Rowell, pretty much too many rooks everywhere except mid Not sold on Whitfield, is he injured still or has he recovered from surgery, he will definetly struggle and miss games. You can use the money to fix other lines as he will drop quite heavily and players with value will score equal or around his output. Good choice on hopper with the tarantula out and kelly on the wing with cigs half forward. I too have him but Whitfield you need to downgrade him as he is too dear for a crippled fella This is a fake Campbell Play origin you clown Not sure if you watched State of Origin but Whitefield played in that game and showed no signs of struggling after his surgery. He looked primed for a big season Yes I know. The Campbell who keeps going on about Whitfield is fake… I am the real one DEF: J.Crisp, D.Houston, S.Docherty, D.Roberton, L.Ash, W.Gould (J.Brander, B.Starcevich) MID: J.Macrae, J.Dunkley, S.Coniglio, T.Mitchell, M.Rowell, N.Anderson, C.Serong, M.Pickett (J.McInerney, J.Sharp) RUC: B.Grundy, M.Gawn (S.Naismith) FWD: L.Whitfield, D.MacPherson, A.Brayshaw, B.Bewley, A.Bonar S.Sturt (M.King, I.Rankine) UTIL: C.Budarick Thoughts? There goes my POD in English as R2. Now watch all these seagulls jump on board Yes especially that bullant09 fella, he doesn’t do anything on this site apart from poach and troll Hahaha lol Evie, U go girl, by the way I dont mind your team good luck this year from the foot fetish girl who loves her feet in bake beans Hawk see a doctor mate , you shouldnt b walking the streets, your not rite in the head I am Sam Hawk Menegola ©™ Good Luck™®© There are serious bugs in the AF Draft program. Only today was I able to put the C n VC on .[thx support] Just been in a live draft—half way through players already selected were in the pool with ticks in the ignore box. This is impossible roll on SC 2021. My C and VC has been the same LLizardofoz, sent support a please explain and they said it was my end, hopefully when I log on know I’ll have them, very frustrating from the foot fetish girl who loves her feet in bake beans woohoo finally fixed, thanks support, hopefully ill be competitive know from the foot fetish girl who like her feet in bake beans Wouldn’t mind some thoughts on this team, will comment on a few above also. DEF; Smith, Houston, Docherty, Roberton, Ash, McAsey (Gould, Watson) MID: Macrae, Oliver, Coniglio, Mitchell, Viney, Rowell, Anderson, Pickett (Sharp, McInerney) RUC: Grundy, Jacobs (Naismith) FWD: Whitfield, MacPherson, Rozee, Brayshaw, Brander, Rankine (King, Davis) UTL: Brown/Sturt. $15,000 left in the bank. F5/6 weak, but may as well try and maximise the points elsewhere. Otherwise, will drop Smith to Cerra and upgrade Rankine to Bonar. looks good, similar to mine, don’t get Bonar, I also do not like Ash, as I don’t think he will play… Or you can downgrade Whitfield for extra cash as he may struggle this year…… I don’t have him in my team Don’t do that Shut up fake me Best combo 1. Viney, Whitfield, Dawson and Patton 2. Viney, Dusty, Smith and Patton 3. Cripps, Westhoff, Dawson and Andrew brayshaw? 1 2 or 3 I’m lovin the Utility, going to make things interesting this year, hated it to start off with. from the foot fetish girl who loves her feet in bake beans Errrrrrr…. low salt or regular baked beans ??? Depends if you got cuts on your feet. lol no cuts, but it doesnt matter How many rookies can we really see playing round 1? Rookies look so thin in the backline I can’t see it viable to start any more than 1 def rookie on field Suggestions: DEF: Houston, laird, docherty, D. Roberton, young, Gould . (Greaves, Goddard) MID: Whitfield, macrea, boak, neale, Mitchell, Rowell, picket, Anderson. (Mchenry, starcevich) RUCK: Grundy, Nic Nat (Cameron) FWDS: Martin, Brayshaw, petracca, Greenwood, Townsend, Rankine. (King, Davis) (Budarick) Still got $102k left. Good cash keeping, not sure weather to spend it upgrading someone!!!! Thoughts??? Upgrade Nicnat Or drop Starcevich to a basement priced rookie and get Naismith for R3 Was thinking Nic Nat for Jacobs( but unsure how much actual game time he will get with mummy ) Mummy shouldn’t play Swapped Nic Nat for jacobs, jumped Rankine on the bench, got rid of Davis- for J.Brander(F6). H.Young for L.Ash… ‘liking this fit $21k left bank’ I’ve got 72k left and I need help finding a way to spend it. Maybe upgrade a defender or midfield rook? DEF: Crisp, Houston, Docherty, Roberton, Young, Starcevich (Watson, Kennerley) MID: Dunkley, Fyfe, Cripps, Adams, Mitchell, Rowell, Stephens, Pickett (Brown, McInerney) RUC: Grundy, Gawn (Cameron) FWD: Whitfield, Greenwood, Brayshaw, Patton, Townsend, Davis (Rankine, King) UTL: Budarick Cheers everyone. Will also give advice back on team if you’d like Maybe downgrade Gawn to ROB and upgrade someone cheap, Davis or Starcevich maybe. Advice on my team would be great thanks Def: Crisp, Houston, Doc, Roberton, Young, Gould (Greaves, Keane) Mid: Macrae, Dunks, Oliver, Tich, Andy Brayshaw, Rowell, Anderson, Pickett (McHenry, Budarick) Ruc: Grundy, Jacobs (Cameron) Fwd: Whitfield, Wingard, Greenwood, Rozee, Bewley, Georgiades (King, Davis) Utl: Rankine 19k remaining DEF: stock-standard I also have Young but be wary as he’s under and injury cloud and may not be fit for round 1. Gould has been left out on Monday’s team for Sydney so his prospects for a round 1 debut look low so you may need to trade him out. MID: Brayshaw needs to be in your forward line. It’s a waste having him in your midfield, even for ‘dpp’. RUC: not a fan of Jacobs. I’m more of a set and forget type of ruck combo player FWD: very midprice, I’d expect one of Wingard Rozee Greenwood not to live up to expectation as that’s the way the cookie crumbles. I would downgrade one of them (rozee) to a Patton then move Andy Brayshaw to the forward line and trade Wingard to a premo midfielder. Not sure on Bewley best 22 and scoring potential. Not my cup of tea. Georgiades isn’t a scorer, for his scoring potential, may as well play Ben Davis from the crows for 66k cheaper and out rankine on bench. Currently it’s a wait and see on backline rookies atm. I am a freo supporter and I think Bewley will probably be best 22, it’s him v Patton atm. Got rid of georgiades for Sharp in the midfield. Switched Rozee to Petracca but if he fails R1 hes straight out. As my bench is a bit thin I am chasing value in the forward line. I have Brayshaw in mids just because I think he is the best option for that price there thanks for your help Hey guys, would love some thoughts on this team. Pretty much sold on it and unlikely to change besides rookies Def: B.smith, Sicily, Houston, docherty, Roberton, Ash (brander, starcevich) Mid: macrae, B.crouch, coniglio, Mitchell, Rowell, Anderson, green, Pickett (McHenry, budarick) Ruck: Grundy, Jacobs (Cameron) Fwd: Whitfield, Greenwood, petracca, Brayshaw, bewley, rankine (king, Davis) UTL: collier-Dawkins Not a bad team, Very similar to mine. Not sure on Sicily, as he burnt me too many times last year. Also, not sold on Petracca. I think he will be too risky with consistency. Do you have the cash to upgrade him to Macpherson. Need to get rankine out of F6, he wont be playing R1. Best combo 1. Viney, Whitfield, Dawson and Patton 2. Viney, Dusty, Smith and Patton 3. Cripps, Westhoff, Dawson and Andrew brayshaw? 1 2 or 3. 3 Brayshaw, Whitfield, Dawson, Patton 1 or 2 ???? 1: Devon Smith & Hunter Clarke 2: Rory Laid & Bailey Smith 2 Probably 1. But dont trust Dawson. Why are people jumping off Jake Lloyd? Back yourself…. Good Luck™®© Westhoff or Greenwood No…. Greenwood. Good Luck™®© R4J2M7D2 Draft starts in 2hours jump in Draft at 2pm 3UCKK6ZU Walters and starcevich or Michael Hibberd and jack Steven Thoughts please Michael Hibberd can sometimes get stricter defensive roles that can limit his scoring a bit. Added element of risk picking him IMO 1. Whitfield and Patton Or 2. Greenwood and westhoff? 1. Simply because of the lack of westhoff. Thoughts? Feel like 1 less rook on field would be nice, but would probably have to downgrade ROB to a jacobs to do it. 22k remaining Def: Crisp, Houston, Docherty, Roberton, Brander, Gould (Williams, McLennan) Mid: J.Kelly, Macrae, Dunkley, Mitchell, Rowell, green, Sharp, Pickett (McHenry, Bytel) Ruck: Grundy, ROB (Cameron) Fwd: Whitfield, Greenwood, petracca, Rozee, Brayshaw, Davis (king, Rankine) UTL: Starcevich could downgrade kelly to Adams instead Roberton needs to get to at least d5 due to the shortage of rookies. Axe Greenwood/Petracca/Rozee/Brayshaw to 300k type and upgrade Davis to another 300k type. As it stands you’ve probably got 2/8 rookies on your pine playing and 4 on your ground that might struggle to get a game also. You have 15 rookies (players under 270k) that’s way too high this year, you need to be getting that number down closer to 12 if you can. 1. Whitfield and Patton Or 2. Greenwood and patracca? You just asked this question, but replaced Westhoff with Petracca Obviously you feel like you can’t go without Whitfield, but you don’t like Patton, So dump Patton, downgrade someone and upgrade Patton, Or go with your own gut, but stop asking the same question 4 times within the time span of 8 hours I’ve taken a risky approach to this team’s midfield, am I being misguided, or is it worth the risk?: Def: Docherty, Crisp, Houston, Smith, Roberton, Ash (McLennan, Starcevich) Mid: Neale, Mitchell, Yeo, Adams,Viney, Rowell, Flanders, Pickett (Bytel, McHenry) For: Whitfield, Brayshaw, Rozee, Snelling, Max King, Schultz (Rankine, Mosquito) Utl: Budarick. Do I have enough strength in that midfield, or should I go back to the drawing board. Forgot; Ruck: Grundy (c), Jacobs (Cameron) Don’t read too much into Snelling and Rozee for their star performances last week, I’d be picking only one of those. Roberton I don’t trust one bit, I think he’ll hit a hiccup and you’ll be left with a 320k defender not playing and needs to be replaced by Round 2. Ash had a great game but will be fighting for a spot with cumming, < he might be someone who’s a good replacement for Roberton. I wouldn’t be picking Viney, not a guy I would be choosing for fantasy Purposes, his disposal efficiency usually poor and with 2 wingmen coming into the squad, plus Brayshaw returning inside, he might be edged out of the middle. I like the schultz pick, Had Gus Brayshaw in my midfield all preseason and just replaced him with his younger brother.??? Anyone know why Zac Williams hasn’t played both Marsh games? I’m guessing he is injured but this hasn’t been mentioned on any injury lists!? he’ll be right for round 1, probably displacing Ash in the process I heard Achilles soreness and they were being cautious since it was an Achilles injury that kept him out in 2018, they could even rest him the first few rounds since they are so stacked no point risking him. Thoughts on ceglar? Can surely be a low 90s average as the main ruck Low 90s is a stretch. He could get to 80-85 though HEy guys. I’ve had danger and Cripps in my team all preseason but I had a reshuffle and only have room for one. So the question is danger or Cripps Trust your gut, both equal to me My gut says Cripps because he has midfield support his year and he won’t rest foward like danger. Eddie Betts of Levi Casboult F4 ??? I already have banker is in the ruck .. I think u are a Carlton support and u shouldn’t pick either. Their is a lot of value foward this year and thouse guys aren’t options. Her are some names. Wingard, Greenwood, Petracca, Brayshaw, Patton, bonar. Look at those guys instead. I know his scores in the past season were nothing to write about but is anyone considering J. Madgen from the pies? Good value for a defender (288k) and had two solid hit outs during JLT I prefer Cumming for that 300k type player over Madgen Anyone know what’s happening to W.gould Sydney?? Got him as D6 !! Omitted from a squad of 26… I see, cheers for that. Did see he play first marsh but half game and he’s not playing second…. now I’m stuck. Back to draw board I go… rookie D6. Suggestions?? McAsey the most likely rookie. Heavily considering Cumming for d6 or finding the cash to slide Roberton to d6. Brander, Ash or Watson (Dockers)…. Ash won’t play with Williams coming back and Cumming ahead of him What can we see the following players averaging; M Crouch D Parish D MacPherson O Florent s Naismith M Crouch: 105-108 D Parish: 85-90 D MacPherson: 92 O Florent: 80-85 S Naimsith: 65-70 (hoping he does as he sits at R2 for me after today) 104 82 87 74 70 Whats everyones thoughts on Boak as a POD, can he be a top 8 midfielder? He looks like he is going to lead the mids at Port. He’s my M4 – priced well average 105. (But thinking on coniglio 20K cheaper and can see him having a breakout year this year… I’m undecided myself boak or coniglio…. Starting to seriously consider Naismith as R2 to help get a rookie out of the midfield (currently have four). Think it’s worth a shot?? Could do! How would it leave the rest of your team? I have Naismith r2 but would need Patton/Ceglar in the fwd, which I have Patton f6. For example if Naismith is given a rest you don’t want to be wasting 2 trades on him only to miss a week, especially if it occurs when he is say 300k and still has a lot of money to make. DEF: Houston, Docherty, Cerra, Roberton, Ash, Brander MID: Macrae, Dunkley, Cogs, Adams, Titch, Rowell, Anderson, Serong RUCK: Grundy, Lycett FWD: Whitfield, Wingard, Greenwood, Brayshaw, Bewley, Rankine Obviously rookies are subject to change depending on rd1 but unsure if it’s too many mid pricers. Not sold on the freo boys mate. Like the Adams pick if he stays fit. probably get out bewley and lycett due to the china game being cancelled Does this team fit into the salary cap? yeah 15k left over with all 170k bench rookies, even more if I downgrade bewley to another rookie which is likely Lycett means you have plenty of cash to spend. Unfortunately, it also means you have Lycett on the park i like you have paid up for rookies gives more wiggle room if things change Would love some feedback. DEF: Crisp,Houston, Docherty, Roberton, Ash, Gould MID: Macrae, Merrett, Danger, Cogs, Titch, Rowell, Serong, Pickett RUCK: Grundy, Jacobs FWD: Martin, Greenwood, Petracca, Dawson, Flanders, Rankine 12k Left Very solid team Dawson is the only worry his roll may change week by week but if he doesn’t get thrown forward at all he will be great Yeah i was waiting to see how he goes with Lloyd and Mills back in the team but could swing him to the defence and bring Sicily in his place. Don’t like not having whitfield but wanted to maximise a line with few rookies around Yeah I’ve got sicdog ATM but the his roll may change week 2 week as well so might go Ryan I reckon What does everyone think, B: Cerra, Docherty, Ash, Saad, Lloyd, Gould. Mid: Cripps, Kelly(gws), Rowell, Neale, Houston, Dusty, Mitchell, Danger. R: Ceglar, Naismith F: Fritsch, Rozee, Ratugolea, Kennedy(wce) A Brayshaw, King. Int: Pickett, Rankine +others As a Swan supporter I’m not sold on Dawson with his price I think it might be a bit to much. I would love to pick him but not at that price Serong won’t play IMO I reckon he will. Has has a good preseason, starred in the intraclub and has been talked up as playing midfield by the coaching staff. Good scorer as a junior too. Should be good hopefully… Sowrong about that. Kids a beast my pick to win the rising star you just wanted to tell your dad joke didnt you? I reckon he will too he most definitely will play barring injury. the little time he played he was grade all class Love the backline, i had Crisp in as a lock before he played last week based on his finish to 2019 Mids look good value there with some fire power, not the same ones i picked except Titch Grundy is must have, im not sold on Jacobs but see the value but what would i know he comes out averages 95 your a genius, he comes out goes down with an injury round 1 you will struggle to replace him but saying that there are some other low priced rucks you could change to Looks good, hope Pet gets up for you this week will show more, same with Dawson Hi everyone first team post for the year DEF crips, sicdog, Houston, doc, Ash, young (gould, greaves) MID dunks, Oliver, cripps, mitchall, rowell, Anderson, sorong, green (Pickett, McHenry) RUC grundy, Jacobs (camron utility rantall) FOR Whitfield, heeney, greenwood, petracca, brandar, budarick (Rankin, king) Please give me some feed back an thoughts on this team only have $1000 left in the bank so not much to play with. Crips, dunks, grundy an Whitfield are locks the rest are changeable Thanks an good luck I imagine that is Crisp down back, not sold on Brander, Sicdog or Petracca, promise so much and deliver so little. Green is a wait and see as are all the rooks. Petracca down to Rozee and maybe Sicdog to Roberton to free up some cash…. good luck. Yeah not sold on sicdog either don’t trust Roberton what do u think of Ryan? Did have Lynch (rich) but petracca did look really fit an covered the ground well c if he plays mid again this week an yeah I like rozee at that price as well Ryan is a pod mate Budarick won’t play Def: Smith, Houston, Docherty, Robertson, Young, Gould (Greaves, Williams) Mid: J Kelly, Dunkley, Oliver, Bont, Titch, Rowell, D Stephens, Pickett (McHenry, Collier-Dawkins) Ruck: Grundy, ROB (Cameron) Fwd: Whitfield, Dawson, Brayshaw, C Jones, Georgiades, King (Budarick, Rankine) Utility: Starcevich 78k in bank Few thoughts so far: – aiming to get 40 k more to get Naismith as R3 as he’d be a cash cow. To do so, was thinking of downgrading Jones to Townsend or potentially downgrade a mid premo like Bont or Dunkley to someone slightly cheaper. – Rookies will depend on who’s playing Rd1, but would Young to Ash be the best move if he’s not named? – worried about picks like Dawson and Bont tbh, any ideas how they’d score this season? They’re usually not the best scorers, but are getting a good amount of attention now Any tips and advice is appreciated, Cheers! the hype around Jones is just that hype he’d be lucky to Ave 55 not worth the pick imo but don’t go down to Townsend he’s worse Dawson could be great if he plays that halfback wing roll it’s a big IF bont down to Adams might get the cash u need Agreed – I had Jones until his second JLT, really hasn’t shown much IMO Not a bad team as all, maybe downgrade Kelly to Cogs or Yeo to get some cash… Ash won’t play. Naismith is juicey. Will average 50. Ash named on ground, he is a very good chance to play round 1. Coach has already said as much. Where Do you get the idea Bont is not usually a good scorer? 7 of his last 11 games last year were 100+ Including 124 125 138 139. Big challenge are the rooks – Greaves didn’t feature in the R2 match which doesn’t scream R1 to me. Williams is injured and unlikely for R1 you would have thought. McHenry omitted for R2 Marsh says he isn’t best 22 for me, Collier-Dawkins I see as struggling. Rankine won’t play R1 but you would think R2-3 could be on the cards. Starting Georgiades and King seem like low scoring options to me, and Starcevich seems pretty unlikely to be in R1. Having said that, it’s a great midfield, but I have moved Pickett to the bench and gone with Serong, Rowell and Stephens/Sharp so I would see if you can do that to ensure you have some cash generation. I like the idea of having Naismith at R3, personally struggling to see how I can do it. You guys know this page only works if people actually comment on other posts rather than just posting their team and expecting feedback… agreed…. Maybe the people who post their teams need help and have no idea what they’re doing so they can’t give feedback to others because they have no idea Looking at most if the teams here that is clearly not the Case I think people need to ask questions about players there intrigued about rather then just posting a generic team that may have 4/5 players different to the majority of teams on here This is a fair point too RDT…. all thoughts and feedback welcome…… BACKS. Crisp, Docherty, Houston, Birchall, McAsey, Young. (Gould, Greaves.) MIDS. Macrae, Merrett, Neale, MItchell, Yeo, Rowell, Anderson, Serong. (Pickett, Starevich, Buderick.) RUCKS. Grundy, O’Brien. (Conroy.) FWDS. Whitfield, Dawson, Greenwood, Smith, Georgiades, King. (McAdam ,Rankine.) $47,700 left in the kitty and all Rookies are subject to change… Maybe swap Birchall to Roberton to bank some extra cash….. +1 Not sold on either but I pick Roberton over birchall Thoughts on running Patton as R2 I don’t love it, personally have always avoided the KPP types. I think with him it has a be a “if I don’t pick him what could he do” and for me I can’t see him doing enough. What would you expect from him if you run him as your r2? To score higher than his price until i suss out which is the must have ruck premo for r2. Also if some of those ruck rookie dpps play can swing fwd. Id want to see more from him tho. I really like ROB at r2, could easily see him go 105 If you want your r2 to average 60 over the first 6 rounds then go right ahead. i think it is a valid strategy if you had a r3 that plays like naismith and big darcy as fwd or utility rook that may work too i guess Only way I’d go Patton is if I was going nailsmith R2 Cam’ron R3 for more cover if nailsmith went down To me I think the issue is if he gets injured $366k is not enough to get yourself another decent ruck unless you keep a spare couple of hundred K. That said i dont mind the idea of him at F4 -F5 Please leave your thoughts DEF: Lloyd, Crisp, Docherty, Robertson, Ash, Gould (170K, 170K) MID: Macrae, Dunkley, Cripps, Adams, Tom Mitchell, Rowell, Green, Pickett (170k 2x) RUC: Pig, Jacobs FOR: Whitfield, Petracca, Brayshaw, Patton, Bonar, Mahony (170k 2x) UTILITY:170K What do you guys think? Mahony doesn’t play Green more likely to not play than play, maybe trade to Anderson? All popular picks, which means you’ll probably be around the pack but not ahead of it. FWD line comes across too risky for mine, needs one f4/5/6 up to one of the 600k types at least. Your midfield could win your games on their own if they all go at the same time Fwd lines weak Cheers guys for the feedback Used: $12,911,000 (99.3%), Remaining: $89,000 (0.7%) On Ground: $11,308,000 (87%), On Bench: $1,603,000 (12.3%) Def: D.Houston (80.35), S.Docherty (75.90), A.Cerra (60.80), D.Roberton (44.08), L.Ash (35.59), W.Gould (29.66) (J.Brander (29.25), D.Greaves (22.92)) Mid: J.Macrae (115.66), Z.Merrett (108.25), S.Coniglio (103.67), T.Mitchell (90.46), A.Brayshaw (69.56), M.Rowell (36.40), N.Anderson (36.13), C.Serong (34.51) (T.Green (33.97), M.Pickett (22.92), N.McHenry (22.92)) Ruc: B.Grundy (122.14), R.O’Brien (95.58) (S.Naismith (38.29)) Fwd: L.Whitfield (113.78), C.Wingard (78.46), H.Greenwood (78.32), J.Patton (49.34), C.Jones (42.87), C.Budarick (22.92) (I.Rankine (22.92), M.King (22.92)) Patton will go not sure for who brander probably as well thoughts? Downgrade brander for some cash and then upgrade Patton? not too sure who too either…. Snelling if you believe in marsh hype brander probably won’t play, id downgrade him for some $. Wouldn’t recommend starting budarick on your field, spend some of that extra cash to upgrade one of your fwd rooks to maybe poholke or bonar. don’t sweat on Green being named. Fwd line weak Im confused by the utility position. Can a utility be an emergency? yep Yep, but only for the nominated line if dpp, not both. Would love some constructive criticism of my team. DEF: D. Houston, H. Clark, W. Milera, S. Docherty, D. Roberton, L. Ash (W. Gould, H. Goddard) MID: J. Macrae, J. Dunkley, L. Neale, T. Mitchell, M. Rowell, N. Anderson, C. Serong, M. Pickett (B. Starcevich, C. Budarick) RUC: B. Grundy, R. O’Brien, (D. Cameron) FWD: C. Wingard, H. Greenwood, C. Petracca, A. Brayshaw, C. Jones, J. Townsend (M. King, I. Rankine) $54K left (T. Xerri) Strong in all lines except midfield, a few too many rooks there for my liking. Use that 54k to get Townsend up to Sparrow/Poholke/Bonar I have the same midfield except I currently have Coniglio over Neale, interested to hear your thoughts there. I like the structure, hence why I have it (due to the limited and poor rookies in the DEF/FWD) I would also look at the possibility of getting Wingard up to Whitfield. Hawks have a deep midfield Titch, JOM, Worpel, Shiels, Howe so you’d imagine Wingard will also get stints in there. This could be generated via cheaper d2/3 Cerra/Doedee or even selecting a 2nd rookie (Gould on field). Solid. Just posing some alternatives. I think Coniglio and Neale are 50/50 picks, it’s hard choosing between the two. Wingard to Whitfield would be nice. Thanks for your feedback SouvLarkey. no worries, you can see my team below Thanks Campbell. like it a lot. not too vanilla, not too unique, just the right amount of PODs. almost cannot fault it, apart from maybe petracca? don’t expect big scores every week, he’s always been a fringe player and i can’t see much changing (maybe i’m just being pessimistic). great stuff though mate !! I’m looking forward to watching Petracca again this weekend, I thought he was a beast against Adelaide. I was a sucker for him last year as well. Thanks man. Downgrade Townsend upgrade jones don’t like either of them or upgrade a mid. Get rid of gould get in grieves same points I reckon and 50k to spend on upgrade I’ll have a play around with those rookies lc3. there’s not going to be 3 170k defender options. Greaves has to be a bench player for mine I think the 4 premo mids is the way to go. not many rooks down back an duds rooks up forward this year. Like the milera, Clark picks. Don’t like Townsend great tackler but only finds the ball at training I like that backline a lot. For what it’s worth, I would try run one more premium in the middle – personally I am not that sold on Anderson’s scoring but I imagine I will be proven wrong. I quite like Hopper at M5 at the moment, with the idea that one of the premiums who runs into DeBoer in the first month will be able to be swooped on pretty easily. Goddard and Starcevich I don’t think play R1, I’m personally sweating on Budarick. I like Xerri and am going to make him my utility as well. I just got rid of Jones for Patton. I would think about Sharp/Stephens as your last on field mid maybe DEF: Houston, Docherty, Cerra, Roberton, Gould, Brander (Greaves, 170K) MID: Macrae, Dunkley, Coniglio, Titchell, Rowell, Anderson, Serong, Pickett (Budarick, 170K) RUC: Grundy, O’Brien (Naismith) FWD: Whitfield, Dawson, Greenwood, Petracca, Brayshaw, Bonar (Rankine, King) UTL: (Sturt) If Darcy Cameron is named round 1 I get him in by benching Brander, flipping Dawson to DEF and playing him at f6. Feel pretty confident with this side, subject to the rookies get named. What are your thoughts? This team makes me real nervous for your season first thing if Cameron plays start him R3 you haven’t seen his role next to Grundy, Budarick needs to be on your field in the forwards, Bonar is more of a SuperCoach impact player I’ve got sparrow if he plays it’ll be in the midfield, Your midfield is also real light your going to spend so much money trying to upgrade the likes of Anderson and Serong you need another 600k plus mid to start the season. Dawson is so risky since you haven’t seen him next to Lloyd and mills dpp doesn’t mean shit if he doesn’t sure 95 plus. Also Ash over brander if there named, T Brown is an option for your mid bench. Start by dropping Naismith and bonar to Cameron and budarick and see how much cash that gets you to upgrade a mid rookie Sparrow was omitted from Marsh 2. Ash still has Williams and Corr to come into the DEF who aren’t listed in Marsh 2. Midfield rookies are the best across all lines, yet midfield midpricers are the worst across all lines. I’d rather go an extra rookie in the midfield and grab 2 midpricers for the price of a mid premium. Dawson may be a punt, but the upside is there, he is a midpricer so there’s always going to be ?’s. That’s my justification, obviously a difference of opinion. Def: Crisp/Daniel/Dawson Houston Docherty Birchall/Ash Roberton Gould/young (brander Greaves) Mid: Dunkley bont Coniglio/Merrett Mitchell Selwood/McGrath Rowell Anderson Picket (buderick McHenry) Ruck: Grundy Jacobs/nicnac/Phillips (Cameron) For: Whitfield Wingard Greenwood Patton/Brayshaw/parish Poholke/C Jones Townsend (king Rankine) Ute (xerri) Rookies can be changed. Happy for advice on the slashes i would say Crisp, Ash, Gould, Cogs, McGrath, Jacobs, Brayshaw, Jones, Poholke. (if that works) best ute ever, great foresight Whats everyone’s genuine thoughts about Naismith a R2? high risk, high reward…. but if he gets injured you will have no where to go unless you have already banked about $400,000 Not if you have a r/f backup in your forward line like Patton or Ceglar. Just swing them to r2 and get a cheap forward. He can average 75 imo with Sinclair in the same side, Sydney have stated they see him being the number 1 ruck in the side with Sinclair being the more natural forward who will pinch hit in the ruck. However if he gets dropped or injured early your gunna have to downgrade a premo to get Naismith to a decent ruck and could derail your whole season. Look through his injury history before you make your decision. I was locked in for G+G in the ruck but Naismith as swans preferred ruck at that price…. I can’t pass that up, all that extra $$$ can really go a long way on other lines and if it came too it you should be able to trade out of trouble, just need to drop one of your extra premos down to a rook and should be able to get pretty much any ruck. Any idea when player profiles will be updated? Half my team have no faces! Good Luck in 2020 Can we also please turn off the “Utility message” i think i got it! Good Luck in 2020 Now that I know it annoys you, I’ll keep it there for longer. Like it Cheeky ? That is the nicest thing you have ever said to me! Good Luck in 2020 Defence: Houston Milera Docherty Roberton Gould starcevich Mid: dunks Adams titch brayshaw Selwood Hately Rowell sharp Ruck: Grundy ROB Forward: Whitfield greenwood wingard brayshaw bewley gregoriades Bench all 170k Utility: rivers 10k remaining Feedback would be appreciated please? Don’t like the selwood pick. not sold on the freo boys maybe selwood down Anderson, sorong Brayshaw up to Oliver, crips type an u might have a bit left over to upgrade bewley to rozee also like Lynch (rich) about the same price I think. like milera, Adams an ROB picks overall Like the Hately and Adams picks. Risky with brayshaw, will either pay dividends or burn you big time. Would be worried if starcevich isn’t named, slim pickings for def and fwd rookies pay to downgrade some like bewley or selwood and beef up the rookies… Hey people, just having a bit of a struggle on a very subjective pick and thought that I might not be the only one. Thought it would be interesting and potentially helpful to see what you guys think and could potentially be a reference point for others who are stuck. I’m looking at the underpriced premium mid position with the likes of Neale, Cogs, Oliver, Bont… What r ur guys thoughts? Doesn’t have to be one of those 4 players, just a mid premium who’s gonna raise there game to the next level or is potentially a little underpriced. Thanks in advance for anyone who helps out. Adams an gogs way under priced Oliver an crips are both good value imo but the tags always hurt them during the year We know what coniglio does he’ll be 115 the first half but may tail off but he’s a shot for DPP, Neale suffers from a tag more a SuperCoach dude. Oliver and Bont both attract the tag but it affects them less both great picks I’m targeting The bont after his bye and I’m not starting Oliver but he’s the first guy I’ll bring in if one of my premise go down with injury. Jacob Hopper could be one for you he’s different to a lot of the GWS mids because he can only play inside mid it’s his whole game, my hope for him is to smash a 115 average to his bye and I’ll trade him to someone coming off there bye as I’ll also have macrae, Dunkley and coniglio. I like jack Viney at 611k he’s as healthy as he’s ever been Melbourne should be on the rise the tags going to Oliver all day I just want to see that Midfield mix in Marsh 2 with Oliver, Brayshaw and Petracca Thanks SB and Browny, both really helpful! I have also been considering Hopper but at the moment I have McCluggage instead for a unique pick and the hope that he can raise his game to the next level! I keep switching back and forth between the two. Also, thanks for the heads up on Neale, I have mainly done SuperCoach in the past so have been used to him being one of the most expensive and best players. Thanks a lot both of you for the help! any thoughts on these options, just havin a little trouble with the back line D1, houston, docherty, D4, ash, gould (Bianco, Ling) couple of options are: Weller, Roberton Dawson, Roberton Crisp, Rivers all opinions are appreciated! roberton too cheap to ignore.can you go crows smith? not sure on the price difference between dawson and him but he looks likely to play in a fantasy friendly spot Crisp if Rivers is named but don’t think he will if not Dawson an Roberton but think Dawson’s role will change week 2 week like sicdog last year yeah I’ve heard that too about Dawson, and with Rivers it will be interesting how he plays if he is picked for the marsh series. definitely looking for a bigger premium defender than Weller or Dawson, Crisp looking in for a big year. cheers Hey Lads, Rate the from best to worst: McCluggage, Walsh, Hopper, Ross, Adams Are there any bombers fans on here that can give me their thoughts on Parish?? Has averaged 70’s for 4 years now but i reckon he’s capable of averaging 90-95 this year. Scored 104 from just 65% game time. Will he get enough mid time?? Hey John Ahern, I am also a strong believer in Parish, and McGrath as well at the moment! He is definitely worth picking in my eyes, he’s been training with the midfield group and I agree that he can definitely get to 90 – 95! If not that than I reckon at least 85. So, in other words, yes he’ll get enough mid time to be worth picking. Hope this Helped! Is Acres out or what? Cant find anything just he was sent for scans on Thursday, and a comment in the forwards article he is out but cant confirm anywhere else word is he’ll miss the first few rounds of the season. think there is an article on the afl website. Option 1: Lycett and danger or Option 2: ROB and kelly ROB and Kelly easy Hi everyone DEF Daniel,Houston, Docherty, J Kelly, Ash, Rivers (Goddard, Starcevich) MID Macrae, Dunkley, Walters, Mitchall, E Curnow Rowell, Serong,Pickett (Bytel, McHenry) RUC R Obrien, Jacobs (Xerri ) FOR Whitfield, Lambert, Ebert, Greenwood,Townsend, Georgiades (Rankine, king) Utility(Cameron) 00$ left A few abit iffy any thoughts? much appreciate any input Thanks and good luck Walters M4… Its a No from me… You start Whitfield but not Grundy.. Remember 2 Grundy’s are better then 2 Whitfield’s. Good Luck™®© Thanks TCW any suggestions instead of walters and whitfield I think you need to start both Whitfield and Grundy… Look at bringing in value players, Tim Kelly, Jacob Hopper, Darcy Macpherson, Sam Walsh. Good Luck™®© Cheers i had Hopper and Macpherson in first draft and already added Grundy thanks again TCW Houston, doc, cerra, Roberton, gould, brander(ling, mclennon) Mcrae, dunkley, Adams, Ross, Mitchell, cotchin, Rowell, picket(bytel, mchendry) Grundy, naismith(Cameron) Whitfield, parish, wingard, brayshaw, simpkin, jones(rankine, cahill) (xerri) Any thoughts? Better then half to sober coach’s around here. Keep up the good work. Good Luck™®© Thx Can ya have a look at my team fellas? DEF: Crisp, Houston, Doch, Laird, Robertson, Gould (Bianco and Prior) MID: Dunkley, Bont, T Mitchell, Coniglio, Green, Rowell, Deven Robertson, Pickett (Jones and McHenry) RUCK: Grundy, Jacobs (Cameron) FWD: Whitfield, Greenwood, Brayshaw, Petracca, Bonar, Rankine (Max King and Cavarra) UTILITY: Bytel Got 90K left Cheers Not sold on Petracca i have the feeling he will be the Gus Brayshaw of 2020. 4 rookies in the Midfield will be hard to overcome if history is anything to go by, Past 3 winners have all started round 1 with only 2 rookies starting in the Midfield.. Good Luck™®© How many past winners have started with 7 rookies in defence? It was 6 thankyou! :) Good Luck™®© Have to agree with what The Chosen Won said, 4 rookies is definitely too many. I can see why The Chosen Won said no to Petracca, he has burnt us in the past, but if he performs well in marsh 2 then it’s really up to you. I would also say no to Laird. Maybe try downgrading him to a rookie and using the cash to get another mid. Hope this Helped! Some players are over hyped and Petracca is one IMO, 85 games and he’s past 100 Fantasy point on just 5 occasion he just doesn’t fit the Fantasy mould. Even if he “Quadrupedal” his output hes still not relevant. Good Luck™®© Heya guys would love some feedback on this please Back: Docherty, roberton, Cerra, houston, Milera, Gould ( Thompson, McLennan ) Midfield: Macrae, Bontempelli, Mitchell, Lyons, Tim kelly, Rowell, green, Pickett ( McHenry, Starcevich ) Ruck; Grundy, sauce ( xerri) Forward: Whitfield, wingard, Greenwood, Brayshaw, Townsend, king ( Cameron, rankine ) Thoughts guys?? Thanks heaps Thoughts on this for a different structure, and going heavy in the MIDS? DEF: Houston, Docherty, Cerra, Roberton, Ash, Gould (Greaves, Watson) MID: Macrae, Dunkley, Oliver, Bontempelli, Coniglio, Mitchell, Rowell, Anderson (Pickett, Budarick) RUC: Grundy, Jacobs (Sweet) FWD: Wingard, Greenwood, Brayshaw, Patton, Poholke, Georgiades (King, Sturt) UTL: McInerney Cheers! G’day fellas, any chance of ordering these from best to worst Macpherson Brayshaw Wingard Greenwood Petracca JJK Ebert Completely stumped on who my F2,F3 and F4 should be… cheers Macpherson Wingard Brayshaw Petracca Greenwood JJK Ebert i get why people talk up Greenwood with his tackling and playing for a team where he may get more time in midfield and all that i just don’t think he will improve as much as what people are hoping but will stand corrected Brayshaw Greenwood Wingard Macpherson Petracca JJK Ebert Agreed except switch Greenwood and Brayshaw around Imo Wingard Macpherson Brayshaw Petracca Greenwood Ebert JJK DEF: Crisp, Houston, Doch, Sicily, Robertson, Gould (Starcavitch and Mclennan) MID: Cripps, Anderson, T Mitchell, Whitfield, Green, Rowell, Greenwood Neale (pickett and McHenry) RUCK: ROB, Jacobs (Cameron) FWD: Martin, Snelling, Brayshaw, Wingard, Patton, Rankine (Xerri and McAdam) UTILITY: Budarich Got 156K left to massage DEF: B. Smith, Houston, Doch, Roberton, Gould, Brander (Kennerly, Mclennan) MID: Macrae, Neale, Mitchell, Kelly, Walsh, Rowell, Pickett, Sharp (Brown, Smith) RUCK: Grundy, Jacobs (Xerri) Forward: Whitfield, D. Martin, Walters, J. Martin, Georgiades, Rankine (King, Davis) Utility: Cameron Rankine won’t play R1, Martin and Georgiades seem risky picks to me. Really good midfield and backline but don’t think many of your bench rookies are going to play. I like Sharp personally but I would also consider Serong, see if you can get Pickett onto your bench Def: Crisp, Houston, Doc, Roberton, Gould, Brander (I know) (Butts, Greaves (neither of whom look R1 likely) Mid: Dunk, Titch, Adams, Yeo, Hopper, Rowell, Serong, Stephens (Pickett, McInerney) Ruck: Grundy, Sauce (Cameron) Fwd: Whitfield, Wingard, Brayshaw, Greenwood, Patton, Townsend (King, Sturt) Ut: Xerri Thinking maybe Pickett on field and try get Stephens or Sharp onto the bench. Maybe Sturt -> Budarick. Any defensive rookies going to be playing R1? Sauce and Tracca vs Gawn and Georgiades Defence: Laird Docherty Dawson Roberton Gould Brander (BWilliams Young) Midfield: Fyfe Neale Dunkley Prestia Rowell Pickett Robertson Stephens (Bytel Starcevich) Ruck: Grundy Gawn (Cameron) Forward: Whitfield Macpherson Smith Brayshaw Sturt Budarick (Rankine King) Utility: Xerri $25K remaining Try pick players with a bit of upside – not sure that’s Fyfe, and you probably need 1 more elite mid to start with. I really don’t think starting Sturt and Budarick is going to be a good idea, but I love Macpherson. Also, most of your bench isn’t likely to play R1 (Bytel, Starc, B. Williams, Young, Rankine) Thoughts on this lads…? Def: J.Crisp, D.Houston, S.Docherty, D.Roberton, H.Young, W.Gould (H.Goddard, J.McLennan) Mid: J.Dunkley, Z.Merrett, C.Oliver, T.Mitchell, M.Rowell, N.Anderson, C.Serong, J.Sharp (M.Hibberd ,B.Starcevich, M.Pickett) Ruc: B.Grundy, S.Naismith (D.Cameron) Fwd: L.Whitfield, D.Martin, D.Smith, H.Greenwood, A.Brayshaw, M.Georgiades (M.King, I.Rankine) Anyone rate Ceglar as a possible R2? He has potential, but id say sauce is a better option, as he is cheaper, and historically scores better. Join my AFL Fantasy league – ECHZUV4A Anyone considering Hibberd after last nights performance? Def: Crisp, Doch, Houston, Ash, Gould, Young (Williams, Greaves) Mid: Macrae, Cogs, Dunks, Oliver, Titch, Rowell, Green, Pickett (McInerny, McHenry) Ruck: Grundy, Sauce (Cameron) Fwd: Whit, Wingard, Greenwood, Brayshaw, Poholke, Rankine (King, Budarick) Thoughts? Cheers Utility? hey guys any thoughts on the team. feeling pretty confident with all except for maybe a little too cheap of a backline. thoughts appreciated. DEF: J.Dawson, D.Houston, S.Docherty, D.Roberton, H.Young, B.Starcevich (M.ling, H.Goddard) MID: J.Macrae, N.Fyfe, M.Bontempelli, T.Adams, T.Mitchell, M.Rowell, T.Green, M.Pickett (N.McHenry, J.Bytel) RUCK: B.Grundy, ROB (D.Cameron) FWD: L.Whitfield, J.Martin, H.Greenwood, A.Brayshaw, N.Cockatoo, I.Rankine (T.Xerri, M.King) UTIL: Valente or Cavarra DEF: both young and starcevich are unlikely to play round 1. defender rookie stocks this year are very slim, with Gould being the only one i am confident will play round 1. Greaves and Williams being the other 2 most likely atm. like the dawson pick, but be weary when lloyd and mills come back into the team his role could change dramatically. MID: not sure about fyfe, all reports so far this season are saying he’ll be playing more forward to make room for some young guys and keep his body intact. Feel there are better options than Bont, won’t be able to run as freely as he did in marsh 1 as he will most likely be tagged every week. green is unlikely to be named round 1, considering GWS’s depth and tendency to give first year midfielders a year in the NEAFL. RUCK: deadly ruck combo, i believe ROB will seriously challenge gawn as this years number 2 ruck. FWD: Martin has never been a huge fantasy scorer, and will most likely play predominantly forward as soon as Carltons best midfielders are playing. Cockatoo has a hamstring injury and will not be named round 1, look out for him in the early few rounds though. So this year is totally fcking me.. i am a big supporter of Guns n Rookies. I dont like to mess about with mid pricers as i have been bitten on the ass too many times over the last 12 years. Unfortunately with the lack of decent 170k rooks this year im forced into having a few mid pricers. The stress of picking the right ones is hard because if you pick the duds instead of the studs the year is over before it began. Anyone else feeling my pain this year? Nope, it’s nice to see more teams that stray to be unique and having multiple decent strategies for how their team might line up. Now you can’t just copy everyone’s team because first you’ll have to accept the way of going outside the box. Let’s just hope marsh 2 clears a few things up, I put Naismith in as R2 and hot damn you should have seen the midfield lack of rooks has me doing crazy things haha Yeah ive been down that crazy road, i pulled him straight back out of my team when i remembered how shit he scores. His last season he Averaged 58 with scores of 30,46,49,50,50,54,56.. Midprice Madness! Good Luck in 2020 keep in mind if you miss the boat on a rook and have a failed midpricer, it’s easy to sideways R1/2/3 Different strategy to most with stacked mids, yet I’m fairly happy with the structure, pending getting cooked by rookie selections obviously. It’ll be fairly easy to cut a mid premo to fix up rookies/mid pricers though Crisp, Houston, Doch, Robbo, Young, Gould Kelly, Macrae, Dunks, Pendles, Adams, Titch, Rowell, Serong Grundy, Naismith Greenwood, Ceglar, Smith, Bewley, Poholke, Georgiades 170k rookies on the bench pending selections Gould doesn’t have the best job security and didn’t do too well in Round 1. Starcevich & Brander are better options. Forward line is a bit weak too, otherwise it’s a good side. What game were you watching? Gould is pretty much a lock for round 1. 10 touches 2 marks and 4 tackles in 68% game time in a team that got smashed….. A strong second performance should see him debut in round 1.. Good Luck in 2020 Acres injury sucks which makes me restructure my team a little bit. Defence: Crisp, Houston, Docherty, Cerra, Roberton, Young (Starcevich, Greaves) Midfield: Macrae, Neale, Adams, T.Mitchell, J.Selwood, Rowell, Serong, Pickett (Budarick, Close) Ruck: Grundy, Naismith (Cameron) Forward: Whitfield, Greenwood, Petracca, Brayshaw, Bonar, Jones (Rankine, King) Utility: (Brander) Is hunter Clark a good option this year fellas?? Congratulation you win Marsh Series team of the year.. Good Luck™®© your team looked initially good but then i saw jelwood. i tried with him in the past many times and he does your head in Hi guys im trying out draft this year. Do you know if i can play it on the app or just the website? You can play it on the app. Drafting experience is fantastic on the app. I have done a couple of drafts via the app and Calvin did our Bacon Cup one on the weekend via the app and he probably drafted better than he ever has. Haha. Nice up sell would you like fries with that :) Good Luck™®© DEF: Crisp, Houston, Doch, Cerra, Roberton, Gould (Williams, Greaves) MID: Macrae, Dunkley, Oliver, Mitchell, Brodie, Rowell, Serong, Pickett (Mclnerney, Mchenry) RUC: Grundy, Jacobs (Cameron) FWD: Whitfield, Greenwood, Brayshaw, Bonar, Jones, Poholke (King, Rankie) UTL: (Budarick) I know some rookies may not be named, but i will adjust them as the teams are announced. Brodie is my huge POD, everything i have read and researched points to him being huge this year (if he gets the opportunity that is).Chances are i’ll back out before the beginning of the season, but rn i’m loving him! Praying on poholke & bonar being named. Your thoughts would be muchly appreciated Can I ask why people are going cheap in def this year? I dont understand it. It may backfire on people. With the worst rookie pool in years you need to look for value… Back you own judgement dont worry about what others are doing. Good Luck™®© just looking for some tips on my team DEF: Lloyd, Houston, Docherty, Roberton, Ash, Gould. (Greaves, Starcevich) MID: Macrae, Dunkley, Coniglio, Mitchell, Rowell, Anderson, Serong, Pickett (Valente, Mchenry) Ruck: Grundy, Obrien (Cameron) FWD: Whitfield, Martin, Greenwood, Brayshaw, Townsend, Budarick (King, Rankine) Util: Bytel #1: only choose dunkley if he’s selected as a midfielder (https://www.footywire.com/afl/footy/pr-western-bulldogs–josh-dunkley) round1-6 dunkley was selected as a half-forward and averaged poorly. #2 i believe you should swap Anderson for ‘Tom Green’ (GWS, $252000) – played more consistently(marsh) and foxsports has predicted anderson to play in forward pocket (so yeah a real dunkley situation) #3 you “could” swap O’Brien for Jacobs, Natnui or Naismith who are cheaper and will give you extra $ #4 bench townsend and swap him for Cockatoo (injured for 2-3weeks) + replace King for ‘Taylor’ (if he’s playing) and put that guy on the field (your discretion but i think townsend is quite shit) #5 you’ve picked a lot of popular players (not very diverse) and you should remember to go with your gut (i.e. i made the decision to chop grundy for the first time since 2017 so i can reinforce other positions). my opinion is just an opinion and while i believe i’m right, it may not be right for every team. Question about the Utility Spot, and Emergency Status… not quite sure I’ve got the whole Utility spot sussed yet…. Note that – you don’t have to have Emergencies selected …. pretty foolish, yes, but it is possible. Question is thus – and I’ll use a prime example of what I’m considering If I have R3 as say Naismith (and selected as Emergency), and Utility as Cameron (DPP R/F). Can I put the big E on Cameron and run him as an Emergency cover for the Ruck line as well? Which score would count? Normally it was the lower score, but if two players R1, R2) are out of the ruck line (god forbid) and both Emergencies played, would both their scores count? Good question Utility as emergency runs under same rules so you are correct if Naismith is E for ruck and so is your utility then lowest score counts. When you have utility and is dpp and you select as emergency then it will ask what position you prefer. Yes both scores count if both R1 & R2 were out same as any position if you selected 2 emergencies on a line and 2 players out. Gaff, Jacobs and Cameron(r3) or Cogs, Naitanui and Naismith(r3) with Cameron utility ??? who us your r1? if grundy, i actually like pick 2, i reckon cogs will be ok for pure mid with taranto out for half a season now, nicnat is looking beast mode and you have naismith as a reasonable backup with the best ever rookie as back up for the back up Yeah Grundy r1, I don’t mind taking the punt on Nic Nat if I have the Naismith security and cogs could average as much as gaff if he can stay fit. Thanks for the reply Hi everyone first team post for the year DEF crips, sicdog, Houston, doc, Ash, young (gould, greaves) MID dunks, Oliver, cripps, mitchall, rowell, Anderson, sorong, green (Pickett, McHenry) RUC grundy, Jacobs (camron utility rantall) FOR Whitfield, heeney, greenwood, petracca, brandar, budarick (Rankin, king) Please give me some feed back an thoughts on this team only have $1000 left in the bank so not much to play with. Crips, dunks, grundy an Whitfield are locks the rest are changeable Thanks an good luck? Anyone keen on hopper this year? With Taranto out I think he could go 100+ and has shown he can score DEF: Doch, Houston, Roberton, Gould, Cerra, Crisp (McLennan, Brander) MID: Pickett, Rowell, Serong, Mitchell, Greenwood, Macrae, Neale, Merrett (McHenry, Bytel) R: Jacobs, Marshall (Cameron) FWD: Bonar, B.Smith, Rankine, MacPherson, Whitfield, Brayshaw (Sturt, M King) U: Stracevich Good team. I don’t think many of your players on your bench will get Round 1 though, apart from your forward. McLennan averaged 30 in the NEAFL so he’s not a pick, even at basement price. Brander is a 50/50 to play and his role is there but I don’t like paying up extra for him. Greaves is by far a better option. As for midfield, everyone has the same problem with the bench. I’d say Budarick has the best job security out of the bunch as a midfield pick. Made a few changes after looking at the Third Week Team Line Ups. DEF // Crisp, Houston, Docherty, Milera, Cerra, Roberton (Gould, Greaves) MID // Macrae, Neale, Adams, T.Mitchell, J.Selwood, Rowell, Serong, Pickett (Budarick, E.Smith) RUC // Grundy, Naismith (Cameron) FWD // Whitfield, Greenwood, Brayshaw, Bonar, Jones, Georgiades (Rankine, King) UTL // Davis What does everyone think, B: Cerra, Docherty, Ash, Saad, Lloyd, Gould. Mid: Cripps, Kelly(gws), Rowell, Neale, Houston, Dusty, Mitchell, Danger. R: Ceglar, Naismith F: Fritsch, Rozee, Ratugolea, Kennedy(wce) A Brayshaw, King. Int: Pickett, Rankine +others Terry, Terry, were you drunk when picking this team because it’s cancer to my eyes? FNATIC HERE! Defense: Swap Adam Cerra for Jordan Ridley; Swap Adam Saad for Liam Duggin; rotate your dual position players Dan Houston and Lauchlan Ash. Swap Jake Lloyd for RoryLaird/JakeCrisp; Swap Will Gould (fun fact: this guy went to my school) for DamonGreaves/TobeWatson/MichaelKeane/JarrodBrander. Don’t screw up your interchange because I can’t see it so I hope it’s not total shit like everything else. I’m not gonna give you all the answers, so if someone else is prepared to fix his awful midfielf, ruck and forward (just being honest here) then go ahead because I need to put time into others as-well who have semi-functional teams (ayeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee). Gday peeps, feel free to sign up to my league, few spots left. Starts round one. Get around it! DEF: J.Dawson, D.Houston, S.Docherty, D.Roberton, H.Young, W.Gould (T.Rivers, T.Bianco) MID: J.Dunkley, S.Coniglio, T.Adams, T.Mitchell, J.Selwood, M.Rowell, N.Anderson, M.Pickett (B.Starcevich, T.Brown) RUC: B.Grundy, S.Lycett (S.Naismith) FWD: L.Whitfield, D.Martin, H.Greenwood, A.Brayshaw, J.Brander, I.Rankine (M.King, S.Sturt) UTIL: D.Cameron Feel like its the most balanced team I’ve come up with so far. Rookies are very toey but will obviously be adjusted based on selection. Any thoughts boys? Looks pretty good, I would probably change a few things but all very close (ie: Macrae v Dunks) One thing is change Cameron to someone else, for example Ned McHenry. I would have thought after the weekend Darcy Cameron is very much the man to pick and McHenry is 50/50 on R1 Cameron probably won’t play McHenry is injured. Cameron is the ideal utility with RUC/FWD status. Selwood is touch and go for round 1. Either way he will be underdone in addition to being cooked. Anyone got a draft league going keen to join one TOTAL CLINTS N9KTCRJH Sorry SB missed draft. Not draft league hey guys thoughts? rookies are just place holders for now Defenders: Crisp, Houston, Docherty, Roberton, Young, Williams (Goddard, Butts) Midfielders: Macrae, Dunkley, Merrett, Adams, Mitchell, Rowell, Anderson, Pickett (Valente, Brayshaw) Rucks: Grundy, ROB (Cameron) Forwards: Whitfield, Petracca, Brayshaw, Acres, Brander, Budarick (Xerri, King) Utility: Rankine (because he will probably play most of the season) Salary: 5k left At this point I can’t see young or brander playing r1 and the rookies this year look horrible, be prepared to shift your side around if they arent going to play Young under an injury cloud, Goddard won’t score enough to bring in cash, same with Butts. Your DEF rookies should be Ash, Gould, Greaves and Bailey Williams (WCE). Valente and Brayshaw in the MIDs not certain for Rd1, spend up a bit and get Serong, Stephens. Brander won’t be fantasy relevant. Is that Bailey Williams D6 are you expecting him to play? Not knocking hte selection in anyway i am asking as am interested as $170k playing rookies are gold at the moment. M4 Taylor Adams or Patrick Cripps? cripps Cripps i have man crush on Cripps i just love watching him go about his craft, so for pure enjoyment watching a match with the bonus he is in your team i would go Cripps. Adams made of glass Thoughts on josh J Kennedy this year fellas?? Has played a tough style of game all his career and is another year older. I expect him to average less than last year. I wouldn’t get my hopes up on any old bulls or aging injury prone players. Selwood, Birchall No. All thoughts appreciated, NOTE: I will change rooks around depending on who is playing round one. Def: Crisp, Houston, Docherty, Roberton, Young, Gould (Greaves, Watson) Mid: Macrae, Dunkley, Oliver, Mitchell, Andy Brayshaw, Rowell, Anderson, Pickett (Budarick, McHenry) Ruc: Grundy, Jacobs (Cameron) Fwd: Whitfield, Wingard, Greenwood, Acres, Jones, Polhoke (Aarts, King) Utl: (Rankine) 54k remaining Thanks in advance Not a fan of andy in the mids, cant see polhoke in the crows best 22, aside from that looks decent If anyone is keen to join my fantasy classic league they can, it’s called the “demons heaven megabowl” Basically a rookie/intermediate league. But anyone is welcome. Cheers P2SXKPYA im in thanks, stay classy Ron Neale or Cogs? Neale since Cogs is playing some forward this yr Cogs played 32% forward last year even if he plays 40% this year he still will average 100-110 the man kicks goals. he will get more mid time as will steel with toranto out for half the season I think this is the best I can do in RDT, all thoughts are welcome… Backs. Lloyd, Crisp, Docherty, Roberton, Ash, Young. (Gould, Goddard.) Mids. Macrae, Merrett, Neale, Mitchell, Houston, Rowell, Anderson, Serong. (McHenry, Pickett, Budarick.) Rucks. Grundy, O’Brien. (Conroy.) Fwds. Whitfield, Dawson, Greenwood, Smith,Georgiades, King.(McAdam, Rankine.) Have $97,500 left in the kitty for any last minute rookie changes and works quite well for the byes…Pick it apart if you can…. Houston should be back IMO and change Lloyd or Crisp to a Midfielder where the value bang for buck is much better.. Good Luck Thanks, Dropped Lloyd, moved Houston and have got in Yeo just to be different… Second team, More likely what I’ll run with. Def: Crisp, Dawson, Houston, Docherty, Clark, Gould, (McLeanan, BJ Williams) Mid: Dunkley, Coniglio, Steele, Mitchell, Acres, Rowell, Green, Pickett, (McHenry, McInerney) Ruck: Grundy, Sauce, (Cameron,) Fwd: Whitfield, Greenwood, Brayshaw, Vandenberg, Poholke, King, (McAdam, Buderick,) UTI: Xerri 7k left, Small crop of rookies this year so it makes more sense to roll like this Clark might go to Cerra or Aish dependent on his second game Not bad Oscar.. Good Luck Hey guys, I have put this team together so far and would love some feedback!! I have gone for a cheapish backline as I really don’t like the rookie options this year in the forward line. DEF: Houston, Docherty, Cerra, Roberton, Young, Gould (Goddard, Mclennan) MID: Macrae, Dangerfield, Coniglio, T Kelly, Mitchell, Rowell, Green, Pickett (McHenry, Bytel) RUC: Grundy, O’Brien (Cameron) FWD: Whitfield, Martin, Greenwood, Petracca, Brander, Rankine (King, Cavarra) Utility: Budarick 7k Remaining Love your thoughts! DEF: Crisp, Houston, Docherty, Roberton, Rivers, Ash (Goddard, Thompson) MID: Macrae, Coniglio, Adams, Mitchell, Rowell, Ward, Anderson, Green (Pickett, McHenry) RUCK: O’Brien, Jacobs (Cameron) FWD: Whitfield, Martin, Greenwood, Acres, Butler, Bonar (King, Rankine) Utility: Starcevich Ward is out injured mate. Would love thoughts on this team? Rookies subject to change depending on selection. DEF: Crisp, Houston, Docherty, Cerra, Roberton, Gould, (Williams, Goddard) MID: Macrae, Dunkley, Coniglio, Mitchell, Greenwood, Rowell, Serong, Pickett, (McHenry, Brown) RUCK: Grundy, ROB, (Cameron) FWD: Whitfield, Wingard, Acres, Jones, Townsend, Brander, (Rankine, King) UTILITY: Budarick I like your team stick with your gut and reasons why you picked certain players. No comment on rookies as this is subject to change next few weeks and also per green lights on game week Looking for a H2H fantasy and RDT league to join. Been playing for a while so consider myself better than average :P If you have a spot to fill let me know your league code. Cheers 426014 Good Luck MR6D9YCX Good Luck Damn missed out anyone think the mossie will start round 1? SuperCoach DT Talk Carlton 2020: 655341 DT Talk 2020: 487571 AFL Fantasy DT Talk Carlton 2020: 6CTM9TMV DT Talk 2020: ZFKM9Y6M FILLED Superdeck Dream Team DT Talk Carlton 20: 794760 DT Talk 20: 861045 Thoughts? $24K Remaining DEF: B.Smith, J.Dawson, D.Houstan, S.Docherty, D.Roberton, W.Gould (J.McLennan, H.Goddard) MID: J.Macrae, J.Dunkley, Z.Merrett, T.Mitchell, M.Rowell, N.Anderson, C.Serong, M.Pickett (J.Bytel, H.Brayshaw) RUCK: B.Grundy, R.O’Brien (D.Cameron) FWD: L.Whitfield, D.Martin, H.Greenwood, A.Bonar, J.Townsend, I.Rankine (T.Xerri, M.King) UTIL: C.Budarick Thoughts on Jacob Hopper this year ? He could possibly be the “Tim Taranto” of 2020 Good Luck Im big on hopper this year, especially with Taranto going down. Could easily go 105-110. I agree Andy if not I believe could be even more as he is less likely to get the tag too. What priced player would be considered a premium this year? $741k & up I would say $690,000 and upwards… What do the following average? Aish Doedee Cerra Can someone heavily scrutinise my team. DEF: D. Houston, H. Clark, W. Milera, S. Docherty, D. Roberton, L. Ash (W. Gould, H. Goddard) MID: J. Macrae, J. Dunkley, L. Neale, T. Mitchell, M. Rowell, N. Anderson, C. Serong, M. Pickett (B. Starcevich, C. Budarick) RUC: B. Grundy, R. O’Brien, (T. Xerri) FWD: C. Wingard, H. Greenwood, C. Petracca, A. Brayshaw, C. Jones, J. Townsend (M. King, I. Rankine) $54K left (D. Cameron) Good to see your DEF isnt completely the stock standard cookie cutter. Your mids feel too light, i think you need another premo in there. Rucks are cut n paste, Fwds are mid priced madness.. but might be necessary due to the lack of rooks. Which option boys xx 1. ROB, Serong (M8), Gould (D6) 2. Gawn, 170k mid (Pickett M8), 170k def (starcevich D6) Or do I downgrade Townsend and Gould to go ROB -> Gawn Option 1 by a mile. If Gawn does turn out to be the 2nd best ruck, you can upgrade ROB to him in the bye and you’ve made some cash. However, you should also have Pickett in your team, he’s one of the few draftees who should score well. Hope this Helped! I’ve got Pickett currently on bench! I’ve payed extra in the midfield with Serong as I think he’s a much capable scorer over Pickett and a better pick than any other 170k midfielder :)) But yes I think keep it how it is right now and hope Gawn goes down in price Thoughts Guys!! Def: J. Crisp, D. Houston, S. Docherty, L. Ash, W. Gould, B. Starcevich (D. Greaves, J. Butts) Mid: J. Kelly, J. Macrae, C. Oliver, S. Coniglio, T. Mitchell, M. Rowell, N. Anderson, T. Green (M. Pickett, J. McInerney) Ruc: B. Grundy, R. O’Brien (T. Xerri) Fwd: L. Whitfield, C. Wingard, H. Greenwood, M. Poholke, S. Flanders, I Rankine (M. King, B. Close) Uti: C. Budarick Hey Guys, just looking through my team and I have all 3 of the dockers players, Cerra, Brayshaw and Acres. I was highly considering all of them but couldn’t fit them in before the marsh and now I find them all in there. I feel like I need to get rid of one of them but don’t know which one? Which of these Freo players do you guys have? I have all 3. Will wait until after the next Marsh when Fyfe and Walters are back in to decide whether I keep them all. Hi all, couldn’t get into the league codes above so decided to start some myself. Intermediate to experienced players preferred. AFL FANTASY: A7RWAJFY RDT: 202441 Jump in! Hey Deefa, just joined. Looking forward to it! I’m looking for a cash draft league in Fantasy. Anyone need someone to fill a spot? Bit of a marsh madness update. Not keen on any of the FWD premiums except for Greene if he looks to get a bit more mid time w the Taranto injury and Ward/Z.Williams setbacks. To get him in would need to drop ROB for Sauce then upgrade Petracca, leftover $$ could be used to bolster fwd rooks Def: Crisp, Houston, Docherty, Roberton, Ash, Young (Gould, Greaves) Mid: Dunkley, Coniglio, Adams, Mitchell, Gus Brayshaw, Rowell, Anderson, Green (Pickett, McInerney) Ruc Grundy, ROB (Cameron) Fwd: Wingard, Greenwood, Petracca, Brayshaw, Jones, Townsend (Budarick, King) Uti: Valente I like the Gus pick! I’m always sceptical of the ever injured ladams though. Thoughts? I feel like this is looking good, but only if a a couple 170k players worth fielding are named round 1. $37K Remaining DEF: Crisp, Houston, Docherty, Cerra, Roberton, Gould (170, 170) MID: J.Kelly, Macrae, Dunkley, Titch, Greenwood, Rowell, McInerney, M.Pickett (170, 170) RUCK: Grundy, ROB (D.Cameron) FWD: Whitfield, Brayshaw, Acres, Vandenberg, Jones, Budarick (170, 170) UTIL: 170 thoughts? DEF: dawson, houston, docherty, roberton, young, starcevich (ling, goddard) MID: macrae, fyfe, bontempelli, adams, mitchell, rowell, green, pickett (Mchenry, bytel) RUCK: grundy, ROB (cameron) FWD: whitfield, martin, greenwood, brayshaw, cockatoo, rankine (xerri, king) UTIL: cavarra thats a shocker mate, might use it tho…. Hey Tommo, nice team! First thing I’m gonna point out is Cockatoo. I reckon you have to get rid of him, he’s not gonna get games and even if he does get some you will have no reliability that he’s gonna play the next week and his scores are most likely not even going to be worth it. Other than that I like most of your non rookies. I would question a few such as Fyfe and Martin but that really is personal choice and you need to have your own unique picks. I’m not sure if you have any cash left in the bank??? But you might find yourself scrambling when the teams are released because there is a chance that a lot of the rookies named will be expensive, and even if there are some 170k players named the more expensive ones will have better job security. So, if you can get the cash, try and upgrade some of your on field rookies (such as rankine and starcevich) to more expensive ones. Or, just get that cash ready just in case and if you don’t need it you can use it elsewhere. Hope this Helped! cheers some great points to take in. and it was Jack Martin in FWD too. definitely helped any proffesional opinions here none of this hate here. thanks. i am a professional thanks mate, my thoughts take out grundy and put in lobb, take out docherty and give some young fella a crak. they been working hard so deserve it more than that old prick. whitfield should go i heard inside source that he done his acl today so yeh. get out martin and put in fogarty, the man is a bull Thoughts on the new team i dropped ROB to Sam Jacobs so i could get better rookies on the bench DEF:J.Crisp, D.Houston, S.Docherty, A.Cerra, D.Robertson, W.Gould (H.Young, B.Starcevich) MID: J.Macrae, B.Crouch, P.Cripps, T.Mitchell, M.Rowell, N.Anderson, L.Ash, C.Serong (M.Pickett, N.Mchenry) RUC: B.Grundy, S.Jacobs (D.Cameron) FOR: L.Whitford, H.Greenwood, C.Petracca, A.Brayshaw, C.Jones, S.Flanders (M.King, I.Rankine) UTL: C.Budarick Any thoughts im not sure if i will upgrade back to ROB or not and is there much point in having higher price rookies Too much $$ on the bench with Young (who might not be playing early), so I’d be looking at a named 170k rook to swap to, and find a way to upgrade one of you 4 starting MID rooks to a keeper, maybe switch Ash down back and upgrade Cerra to a Cogs type priced player? Hey Jackoboys2, I like your decision with ROB. Not only do I think that sauce is a great bargain, but I think it’s really important this year to have those expensive rookies on the field. However, like Doug said, you don’t really need to have expensive rookies on the bench, 170k players are fine there because you don’t need as much job security as the field. The only non 170k player I have on the bench is Naismith because I reckon he’ll be a bargain. So, there’s not any need to have Young on the bench so if you want you can downgrade him back to a 170k player and use that cash elsewhere. Other than that the team’s looking very solid, good job! Hope this Helped! Thanks Doug and DonDaSash DEF: Adam cerra,Dan houston, Sam Docherty, Dylan roberton,Will gould, trent rivers. (Bailey williams,Starveich) MID:Macraee,Cripps, Neale, COGS, Titch, Marlion pickett, Rowell, Serong(Devon roberton, Sam flanders) Ruck: Grundy, Sauce (Cameron) FWD; Whitfield, Dusty,Hugh greenwood, Andrew brayshaw, Miles bergman, Brander(M-King, Rankine) UTL: Mchenry Def: Smith, Houston, Docherty, Robertson, Young, Gould (Greaves, Williams) Mid: J Kelly, Dunkley, Oliver, Bont, Titch, Rowell, D Stephens, Pickett (McHenry, Collier-Dawkins) Ruck: Grundy, ROB (Cameron) Fwd: Whitfield, Dawson, Brayshaw, C Jones, Georgiades, King (Budarick, Rankine) Utility: Starcevich 78k in bank Few thoughts so far: – aiming to get 40 k more to get Naismith as R3 as he’d be a cash cow. To do so, was thinking of downgrading Jones to Townsend or potentially downgrade a mid premo like Bont or Dunkley to someone slightly cheaper. – Rookies will depend on who’s playing Rd1, but would Young to Ash be the best move if he’s not named? – worried about picks like Dawson and Bont tbh, any ideas how they’d score this season? They’re usually not the best scorers, but are getting a good amount of attention now Any tips and advice is appreciated, Cheers! Seems to be a lack of love for Walters in people’s sides on here With Acres potentially hamstrung I think upgrade is necessary to avoid midprice mayhem What do people think Sonny will average this year? love your thinking, i currently have Walters after hearing that news. Will be a big unique if he doesn’t score too big in Marsh 2. i see him around 95-100 meaning he will be on the verge for a top six forward spot anyone considering Nic Nat at R2 with Naismith as cover at R3? DEF: J.Crisp, D.Houston, S.Docherty, D.Roberton, W.Gould, T.Rivers (170k, 170k) MID: J.Macrae, L.Neale, S.Coniglio, T.Mitchell, C.Wingard, M.Rowell, T.Green, D.Robertson (Pickett, 170k) RUC: B.Grundy, S.Jacobs (D.Cameron) FWD: L.Whitfield, D.Martin, H.Greenwood, A.Brayshaw, J.Townsend, M.Georgiades (C.Budarick, M.King) UTIL: 170k (currently B.Close) There’ll be some on field shuffling for the last 2 spots in Def, Mid & Fwd depending on who is named for Rd 1, same with all bench spots, which can hopefully be filled by only 170k players.. Biggest head scratcher for me is M5.. Wingard could become Petracca (shift someone from FWD), Milera, N. Jones or even Ceglar depending on Marsh week 3, but would like a DPP in the MID somewhere.. Any bombers supporters think Jordan Ridley is an option for D4 this year? Hey Mad Fish, I reckon he’d be good if he could get a regular spot in the side but sadly at the moment it doesn’t look likely. He’s a smaller half back and Redman, Saad and McKenna seem to have that covered. It would require some injuries to get him a regular spot. It’s likely he’ll get a couple of games but he’ll be in and out of the side and not worth the pick. Hope this Helped All thoughts and comments would be highly appreciated! D: J. Crisp, D. Houston, S. Docherty, L. Ash, H. Young, W. Gould (B. Starcevich, J. Butts) M: J. Kelly, J. Macrae, C. Oliver, S. Coniglio, T. Mitchell, M. Rowell, N. Anderson, T. Green (M. Pickett, N. McHenry) R: B. Grundy, S. Jacobs (T. Xerri) F: L. Whitfield, D. Martin, C. Wingard, J. Townsend, S. Flanders, C. Budarick (I. Rankine, M. King) U: (B. Close) how much cash do you have left? seems like an alright team but a lot of rookies on field compared to most teams, particularly with Jacobs RDT league top ups: 738516. 794917. 360371. Nearly full for experienced coaches, cheers. Back again lads, feel good in my team but would love an alternative view or ideas which could make it better. Young -> Ash if not fit R1 Remaining: 13k DEF: Crisp, Houston, Doc, Roberton, Young, Gould (Starcevich, Greaves) MID: Dunkley, Fyfe, Cripps, Adams, Titch, Rowell, Stephens, Serong (Picket, T. Brown) RUC: Grundy, ROB (Cameron) FWD: Whitfield, Wingard, Greenwood, Sparrow, Townsend, Brander (Rankine, King) UTL: Budarick Cheers xx thoughts on Ed Curnow? $664k, averaged 106 under Teague (if you do a Calvin and take out the injury affected 33). If you like him back him in there’s proof he can score in that role under Teague and the blues should get more wins He has been in my side since december. Lock him in He is a very underlooked pick Pick 2: Wingard Greenwood Petracca Shouldn’t have 2 of those – too risky so just Greenwood for me I disagree, think options like these guys present better value than the likes of Smith and Martin who aren’t guaranteed to deliver week in week out despite being a lot more expensive. having more than one also gives you the option to switch between them with early trades if one doesn’t work out. But that’s my view Thoughts lads, 1 or 2 ???? 1 – Gawn and J Patton or 2 – Jacobs and D Smith 2 but with Dusty if you don’t already have him Thought Appreciated. Def: Houston, H.Clark, Docherty, Watts, Roberton, Brander Mid: Macrae, Dunkley, Bontempelli, Mitchell, Greenwood, Seedsman, Rowell, Pickett Ruck: Grundy, Ladhams Fwd: Lipinski, Caddy, Membrey, A.Brayshaw, C.Jones, Townsend Considering switching Bonts to Neale or Matt Crouch get out watts seedseman and caddy OK people, I’m back, just putting some leagues together for Fantasy, SuperCoach and Dream Team. Carlton supporters join the Carlton league, anyone is free to join any of the others, thanks. SuperCoach DT Talk Carlton 2020: 655341 DT Talk 2020: 487571 AFL Fantasy DT Talk Carlton 2020: 6CTM9TMV DT Talk 2020: ZFKM9Y6M Superdeck Dream Team DT Talk Carlton 20: 794760 DT Talk 20: 861045 Good to see you back mate Yeah been awhile mate, had health scares and issues, have plenty of time on my hands now. GO THE MIGHTY BLUES. Tim Membrey or Andrew Brayshaw? OMG… Brayshaw played well And Membrey’s already played his best game for the year lol Hi guys. Im back!!!! Welcome home Shagger and Adam also made an appearance.. Good Luck in 2020 Welcome back Shags and FevsBingles! Both on the same day… hmmm ;) They are twin Sisters! Good Luck Definitely a government conspiracy going on here. I can’t decide on the best combo, please help: 1) ROB, Smith, Patton 2) Gawn, Greenwood, Patton 3) Jacobs, Smith, Greenwood 3 any love for ollie florent this year? I love him as a swannies fan but i think he is still a year or 2 off a good fantasy season. His 100 ave between rounds 20-22 shows he is heading in the right direction. Rowbottom will be a gun too. Any thoughts on my team please? B: Daniel, Houston, Docherty, Clark, Impey, Rivers (Goddard, bianco) M: Macrae, Dunkley, E Curnow, Mitchell, J. Selwood, Rowell, McHenry, Pickett (Starcevic, Bytel) R: Marshall, O’brien (xerri) F: Heeney, Ziebell, Ebert, Poholke, Townzend, Georgiades (Rankine, King) 66k left (Cahill) I keep looking at teams and wondering how people are managing to afford so many premiums across all the lines until I see their onfeild rookies. Alot of the cheap rookies won’t be named to be playing round 1 hell more than a couple of the expensive ones (top 10 draft picks) won’t be either. So many coaches are going to be scrambling come team announcements . r u going to show us ur team Alan, if were scrambling u r going to win for sure hehehe from the foot fetish girl My team is too fluid to post and I will be scrambling as well come team announcments. Besides Marlion Pickett it just isn’t a good idea to have any rooks on field who cost less than 250k. Just saying. Im keen to see how Marshal goes sharing his ruck time with Ryder yes true might have to rethink DEF: Do not like the Impey pick. Better options for mine. MID: You will need to watch the rookies here as I don’t see McHenry getting a game. Also missing out on better rookies in the MIDs. RUC: Don’t like the Marshall pick. FWD: Don’t think either of the 3 expensive players you have picked will be top 6. Fair bit of work to do in my opinion. Any thoughts on my team v25 ? B: Daniel, Houston, Docherty, J Garner, J Kelly, Rivers (Goddard, bianco) M: Macrae, Dunkley, E Curnow, Mitchell, H Greenwood, Rowell, McHenry??, Pickett (Starcevic, Bytel) R: Jacobs, O’brien (xerri) F: Whitfield, Walters,J Cameron, Ebert, Townsend, Georgiades (Rankine, King) 43k left (Cahill) A bit of an SA flavour there. Do you think Garner gets a gig? I don’t. Ebert is on the way out, can’t see him getting more mid time even with Wines out. Port will give guys like Rozee the opportunity first. That’s my 2 bobs worth. I was having some fun playing around with my team and came up with this any thoughts? DEF: Laird, Houston, Docherty, Roberton, Young, Gould (Goddard,McLennan) MID: Macrae, Coniglio, C.Oliver, T.Mitchell, Wingard, Rowell, Serong, Pickett (Valente,Bytel) RUCK: Grundy, Jacobs (Cameron) FWD: Whitfield, D.Martin, Greenwood, Patton, Bonar, C.Jones (Rankine,King) U:Xerri 12k Remaining DEF: Good DEF, like the picks. MID: Not sure why you would want Wingard in the MIDs. Other picks are good. FWD: Surely you can pick up a rookie here and then upgrade Wingard to another premium in the MID. U: I think there will be better options than a back-up ruckman. Thoughts on C. Salem this year? can go on runs around the 90 but as an owner last year he gets annoying real fast when they stop and he shits out 60’s, wouldn’t be touching him Is anyone considering Toby Greene this year, will he still get midfield time ? No Good Luck GWS midfield is bursting at the seams this year so much so some quality young players will leave at the end of the year seeking greater opportunities. I expect GWS will give these young guys as much midfield game time as possible to try and retain them. I expect Toby Greens as well as Zac Williams midfield time to be minimal. Toby is only a midfield option when a chunk of the midfield is injured, like during the last weeks of the H and A, plus finals last year. I am a Giants supporter and I’m not considering him. Too inconsistent stats wise. Thoughts on team would be great thanks Def – Lloyd, Houston, doc , Roberton, young , Gould ( McLennan, brander ) Mid – mccrea, danger , Neale , tmitch , Rowell , Anderson , Robertson , Pickett ( starcevich, Bianco ) Rucks – Grundy , Jacobs ( Cameron) FWDS – Whitfield, Dusty , Walters , petracca, Stuart , Georgiades ( king , rankine ) Bank $115k left Any ideas improvements DEF: Good defence, solid picks. MID: I think you are one premium short here. MIDs score the most points and are usually the hardest to upgrade to. Premiums selected are good. RUC: Fine. FWD: Would drop Petracca to Brander if named, use the funds to upgrade Robertson in the midfield to a premium. Watch Dustin too as I think there is better value in Greenwood for example. Thoughts on my team guys? Would be interested to see what everyone thinks Thanks heaps in advance, feel I’m a bit light in the forward line Backs: Docherty, Houston, Milera, Cerra, roberton & Gould. Midfield: Macrae, titch, Neale, Prestia, Selwood, Bonar, Rowell & Pickett Rucks: Grundy, ROB Forward: Whitfield, Greenwood, wingard, Patton, Townsend, king Thoughts guys? Thanks heaps in advance. DEF:Like the Milera pick but want to see his role once others come back in to confirm. Cerra is a watch in my opinion. MID: Not sold on Neale or Prestia. Can’t see them increasing their average to justify their selection. Better rookies than Bonar in the midfield too. RUC: Good. FWD: Would try get King off the field as can’t see him going much bigger than 45. Townsend also a watch, could be better rookies named. Thoughts? Def:Houston,Doch,Cerra,Roberton,Ash,Gould (Rivers,Starcevich) Mid:Macrae,J.Kelly,Dunkley,Mitchell,Brayshaw(freo),Rowell,Serong,Pickett (Warner,McHenry) Ruc: Grundy,ROB (Cameron) Fwd: Whitfield,Greenwood,Wingard,Acres,Jones,Brander (Rankine,Budarick) Utl: Sharp DEF: Would like to see a bit more of Cerra before picking him but otherwise could pick up Birch or Hill who are similar in price. MID: I am not sold on Brayshaw, there would be better options than him such as Selwood if named/fit. RUC: Good. FWD: Deep forward line. Could potentially drop Acres to a rookie if named and upgrade Brayshaw in the mids. Please give me your thoughts on the below team. Been tinkering around with it and will leave some of my comments on other teams above. Cheers lads. DEF: Lloyd, Houston, Docherty, Roberton, Ash, Young (Starcevich, McLennan) MID: Macrae, Oliver, Bontempelli, Coniglio, Mitchell, Rowell, Serong, Green (Pickett, McInerney) RUC: Grundy, Jacobs (Williams) FWD: Whitfield, Wingard, Greenwood, Poholke, Georgiades, Brander (Rankine, King) UTL: Budarick. $11,000 remaining. Fwd line is very risky. Wingard to brayshaw, loyd to laird, bont to either walsh or mcluggage. upgrade brander to dawson perhaps… Why are you trying to kill his team? Lloyd, Wingard & Bont are the right players to keep. Lots of risky picks there, maybe too many. I don’t l don’t like the JS on green and Ash, and I think a few of your other rooks wont score well (ie: Brander, Serong) and I don’t like Lloyd and Cogs, but this is all subjective… Otherwise your team looks good… I like your fwd line! My First team selection, any advice DEF: Loyd, Docherty, A.Kennedy, Houston, Goddard, Gould, ( McLennan, Starcevich ) MID: Mitchell, Mcrae, Cripps, Ward, Fyfe, Mcheny, Rowell, Pickett, ( Serong, Brayshaw ) RUC: Grundy, Martin,, Xerri FWD: Whitfield, Mcpherson, Greenwood, Patton, Rankine, M King, ( Poholke, Riccardi ) Util: Budarick $64 Left Ward not available for round 1. Martin and Obrien or Greenwood and Gawn ??? O’Brien and Greenwood save the cash +1 Best combo 1. Whitfield and 170k fwd or 2. Wingard and Greenwood? 1 or 2 2 Could you go Naismith in the ruck, with Patton in the forward line as back up? 280k, Good job security, no 1 ruck role and better than any fwd rookie around that price… sounding good to me Highest career ave is 63. Not a big ball winner. Will have plenty of games in the 50’s & 60’s. What does everyone think about budget options Jack Viney and Will Brodie? I like Viney’s early potential if Brayshaw starts slowly a lot of talk about Melbournes big preseason and viney is coming in without any concerns for the first time ever. And Brodie god damn he looked great for the suns although it was an uninspiring Geelong midfield. Starting a League if anyone interested afl fantasy TOTAL CLINTS N9KTCRJH Thoughts on this team?? All advice welcome… Def Laird,Houston,Docherty,Roberton, Young,Starcevich. (Goddard,Gould) Mids. Macrae,Neale,Cognilio,Cripps, Titchell,Rowell,Anderson,Serong. (McInerny,Pickett) Rucks. Grundy,Jacobs (Cameron) Forwards. Whitfield,Greenwood,Brayshaw, Acres,Townsend,King (Rankine,Flanders) Solid/ well balanced team. Flanders will be a wait and see if you can find another 110k to upgrade him to Patton go for it Fantasy Team DEF: D.Houston, H.Clark, S.Docherty, D.Roberton, L.Ash, W.Gould (170k, 170k) MID: J.Macrae, C.Oliver, H.MCcluggage, T.Mitchell, B.Acres, M.Rowell, T.Green, M.Pickett (170k, 170k) RUC: B.Grundy, S.Jacobs (Naismith) FWD: L.Whitfield, C.Wingard, H.Greenwood, C.Petracca, A.Brayshaw, C.Budarick (170k, 170k) UTL: (170k) 120k in the bank Thoughts? Not sure what to do with cash. Suggest you plug in some realistic bench rookies because you won’t find that many 170K ones. Option 1 or 2 1. Laird/crisp, Dusty, Acres Or 2. Lloyd, Wingard, Petracca 1 1 Thoughts/advice for my team? DEF: Lloyd, Houston, Docherty, Roberton, Young, Gould (Starcevic, Goddard) MID: Macrae, Oliver, Neale, Mitchell, Selwood, Rowell, Serong, Pickett (McHenry, Budarick) RUC: Grundy, O’Brien (Cameron) FWD: Whitfield, Martin, Greenwood, Bonar, Brander, Xerri (Rankine, King) UTL: Bytel Probably going to switch some of the premiums by the time season starts, most likely to lose their spot is Neale. Best combo 1. Whitfield and 170k fwd or 2. Wingard and Greenwood? 1 or 2. 2, there is slim pickings for 170k fwds DEF: Lloyd, Houston, Docherty, Roberton, Young, Gould (Starcevich, Goddard) MID: Macrae, Trealor, Cogs, Mitchell, will brodie, Jordan clark, Rowell, Pickett (McHenry, Budarick) RUC: Grundy, Jacobs (Cameron) FWD: Whitfield, Greenwood, Brayshaw, Bonar, Patton, Xerri (Rankine, King) UTL: Bytel hey guys new to dt talk, just wanted some advice on how u think my team is looking, tried a few POD’s in will brodie and jordan clark, thinking their role will just bump their scoring up by 10-20 points each and then i can use as stepping stones. i realise that my team is a very hit or miss, but just trying something different this year. hey guys thoughts? rookies are pretty much just place holders because there are no good rookies Defenders: Crisp, Houston, Docherty, Roberton, Young, Williams (Goddard, Butts) Midfielders: Macrae, Dunkley, Merrett, Adams, Mitchell, Rowell, Anderson, Pickett (Valente, Brayshaw) Rucks: Grundy, ROB (Cameron) Forwards: Whitfield, Petracca, Brayshaw, Acres, Brander, Budarick (Xerri, King) Utility: Rankine (because he will probably play most of the season) Salary: 5k left Here’s my team as of today, thoughts would be appreciated. DEF: Crisp, Houston, Doc, Roberton, Ash, Gould (Starcevich, Mclennan) MID: Macrae, Neale, Danger, Titch, Selwood, Rowel, Pickett, McHenry (Budarick, Valente) RUC: Grundy, ROB (Cameron) FWD: Whitfield, Martin, Smith, Townsend, Georgiadis, Brander (Rankine, King) Only got 8k left in the bank. Good team. Very similar to mine Here is my current RDT team. DEF: crisp, docherty, houston, clark, cerra, roberton. MID: crae, dunks, cogs, cripps, tadams, rowell, serong, pickett. RUC: Grundy, Nasmith. FWD: whit, greenwood, smith, brayshaw, jones, hill. Ive only got cripps because he should do well in rd 1 and 2, while clayts will be tagged both games, so ill trade cripps to clayts round 3. Im not deterred by cogs playing 50/50 mid fwd, kicked 4 goals and had 22 disposals from limited game time in the state of origin game. (Yes i know it was a charity match). Why would you burn a trade on a sideways move?? Got any better ideas on how to get clayts in round 3? hey guys thoughts? rookies are pretty much just place holders because there are no good rookies Defenders: Crisp, Houston, Docherty, Roberton, Young, Williams (Goddard, Butts) Midfielders: Macrae, Dunkley, Merrett, Adams, Mitchell, Rowell, Anderson, Pickett (Valente, Brayshaw) Rucks: Grundy, ROB (Cameron) Forwards: Whitfield, Petracca, Brayshaw, Acres, Brander, Budarick (Xerri, King) Utility: Rankine (because he will probably play most of the season) Salary: 5k left If you don’t start him then he should be an upgrade target later on. You don’t trade out premos if not injured. Yes i do… Start him in round 1! Good Luck in 2020 Start with him round 1. You sound like one of those guys that has no trades left by round 17.. maybe fantasy is more your format. Did a bit of a tweak on my team. Here’s what I got so far: DEF: Houston, Clark, Docherty, Doedee, Roberton, Gould (Mclennan, Goddard) MID: Macrae, Neale, Cogs, Titchell, Acres, Rowell, Serong, Pickett (McHenry, O’Halloran) RUC: Grundy, Jacobs (Xerri) FWD: Whitfield, Petracca, Greenwood, Dawson, Jones, Budarick (Ranking, M. King) UTL: Brown $175k left. Let me know your opinions lads. Cheers Let go of O’Halloran to put pickett on the bench and added Anderson to my mid. Hopefully that’s better $77k left now Doedee is unlikely for round 1 and neither of Mclennan or Goddard are in the mix. You’ll need to restructure your backline. Any thoughts would be appreciated. Couple years out of the game, thought id have another crack. DEF: Z.Williams, J.Sicily, S.Docherty, L.Baker, D.Roberton, H.Young (H.Goddard, J.McLennan) MID: J.Macrae, P.Cripps, J.Worpel, J.Selwood, O.Florent, M.Rowell, N.McHenry, M.Pickett (R.Collier-Dawkins, T.Brown) RUC: B.Grundy, S.Jacobs (D.Cameron) FWD: L.Whitfield, D.Martin, A.Brayshaw, H.Greenwood, J.Townsend, I.Rankine (M.King, B.Cavarra) UTL: B.Starcevich L Baker could be a good POD but be carful. Looks like you going a bit to much mid priced players. Some are ok but guns and rooks are better. Wouldn’t recommend worpel, Selwood and Florent B: Milera, Sicily, docherthy, houston, ash, Gould M: McRae, kelly, titch, Gus brashaw, Rowell, Anderson, t green, picket R: Grundy, ROB F: Whitfield, rozzee, grennwood, Patton, King, rankzine Thoughts. I like my team just worried about Gus and Sicily DEF: Houston, Clark, Docherty, Cerra, Birchall, Roberton (170k,170k) MID: Merrett, Cripps, Steele, Adams, Titch, Rowell, Anderson, Pickett (170k,170k) RUC: Grundy, Naitanui (Cameron) FWD: Gresham, Wingard, Greenwood, Acres, Vandenberg, Bonar (King,Rankine) Mid priced madness!!! try down grading a few blokes like birchall, vandenberg, cerra to rookies like ash, jones, gould and use the coin to upgrade wingard, acres Hey Mahem, I understand the mid pricers (I myself have a fair few or them) but if you want to take those risky players I reckon you need to have the big premiums to add some consistency and support to your squad. I like the addition of Merret, he’s a consistent gun, but like Tommy 2shoes said, Maybe downgrade a couple of mid pricers (such as Birchall and acres/cerra) to upgrade to some of those massive midfield premiums such as Macrae/Kelly/Dunkley from Cripps and Steele and maybe Gresham up into Whitfield. I’de also be cautious on Nic Nat, when he plays he’s good but the eagles are gonna work hard to keep his time on ground low to maintain his body. Hope this helped! Very nice pick with your F5, same as me since the end of that 3rd marsh game, I agree with the boys above, very risky running all of Birchall, Roberton, and Docherty, I wouldn’t personally do so but each to their own. What most of the guys on this site fail to realise is that running the guns and rookies strategy works occasionally but very rarely straight off the bat. This year with a lack of capable rookies (at the price you’re willing to pay) you will need to spend up to field the F4-6 and D5-6 to have a full starting 22, Especially if everyone is running all these so called Expensive ‘Guns’ Out of all of your players so far, on the field, I own myself 13, I’d be watching the coming off injury players, especially in your backline, rather than you players being underpriced. Good luck DEF: D. Houston, H. Clark, W. Milera, S. Docherty, D. Roberton, H. Young (W. Gould, H. Goddard) MID: J. Macrae, J. Dunkley, L. Neale, T. Mitchell, C. Serong, M. Rowell, N. Anderson, M. Pickett (B. Starcevich, L. Ash) RUC: B. Grundy, R. O’Brien, (T. Xerri) FWD: C. Wingard, H. Greenwood, C. Petracca, A. Brayshaw, C. Jones, J. Townsend (M. King, I. Rankine) $54K left (C. Budarick) Feeling pretty good about my whole team, but struggling to decide on a M5.. Currently I’m sitting on at Selwood, but Milera, Wingard, Viney and Gibbs are on the radar, as are Petracca, H. Clark and even Ceglar, with a little bit of shuffling.. Some serious tinkering going on. Seeking value across the lines in my AFL Fantasy team. What do you think of this team? D: Houston Doherty Blakely Cerra Roberton Brander (Scholl Goddard) M: Macrae Bontempelli Coniglio Ross Titch Rowell Serong Pickett (McHenry Collier-Dawkins) R: Grundy Jacobs (Cameron) F: Gresham Wingard Greenwood Petracca A.Brayshaw Rankine (Budarick King) U: Bytel Stop chasing last weeks scores.. Good Luck 2020™®© Seconded Any thoughts or comments on my Fantasy team as it currently stands would be amazing ? Only concern I have at the moment is $3k remaining. Normally like to have more to play with for fix ups post Round 1. DEF – Lloyd, Houston, Docherty, Roberton, Young, Goddard (Gould, Starcevich) MID – Treloar, Taranto, Oliver, Neale, Mitchell, Rowell, Anderson, Pickett (Bytel, McHenry) RUC – Grundy, Jacobs (Cameron) FWD – Whitfield, Greenwood, Brayshaw, Jones, Townsend, Flanders (Rankine, King) UTL – (Sharp) I like your mids different from others and has value. I have no issues with only $3k left as you have paid up on your infield rookies so there is leeway there I would not worry too much Definitely could be a mistake not taking a Dogs midfielder, Dunkley/Macrae especially None of Flanders, Goddard or Bytel will play round 1. Sharp, Gould, Starcevic, McHenry are probably less likely to not play than play As you only have 3k ITB I would heavily consider downgrading someone to strengthen your rookies. It seems they might be quite vast this year so paying up for the likes of Williamson, Serong and Townsend type for your f6 might be essential. sorry you have townsend at f5, but the meaning of the point is still valid I think Mitchell in defence is a gift Used: $9,693,000 (96.9%), Remaining: $307,000 (3.1%) On Ground: $8,524,100 (85.2%), On Bench: $1,168,900 (11.7%) Expected Total: 2142, Site Expected Total: 2101 Def: S.Mitchell (98), J.Bartel (95), H.Shaw (90), D.Swallow (90), M.Suckling (85), L.McDonald (75) (M.Fuller (65), C.Howard (65)) Mid: S.Johnson (118), G.Ablett (115), D.Beams (115), M.Murphy (105), B.Ellis (96), D.Thomas (92), J.Martin (77), L.Anthony (82) (J.Polec (65), M.Honeychurch (65)) Ruc: M.Leuenberger (85.15), A.Sandilands (95) (B.Longer (75), F.Thurlow (45)) Fwd: C.Wingard (100), L.Franklin (100), C.Dixon (85), T.Walker (85), M.Clark (75), N.Bock (65) (D.Garlett (65), G.Rohan (65)) Considering most of these players are retired, I wouldn’t recommend many of them. Especially L.Anthony Lol what game are you playing. Where can I join This looks like your team from 6 years ago Agree that Mitchell is a gift in defence (if only we could select Titch there). I think your forward line is a little weak. Not a big fan of Daisy post-Collingwood days – or did you pick his younger version; in which case, OK. The reverse for Heater. Make sure the Beams you picked was during his first Collingwood stint. Love your rucks, as long as it was before Sandy got Turf Toe. Guess the year win a prize It was 2014 Euman. Andy wins the prize, but its jsut bragging rights 2014? Who remembers when fantasy used to be 7,6,2,7. Picking 7 Fwds & Defenders was bloody hard! Laird ,Jones, Docherty, Robertson, Brander, Gould (Stars, Goddard) Macrae, Dunkley, Titch, Houston, Selwood, Rowell, McHenry, Picket (Anderson, Budarick) Grundy, Gawn (Xerri) Whitfield, Wingard, Greenwood, Patton, Townsend, Rankin (Sturt, King) This year I’m trying to have all DPP’s in place $160K left over Houston in mids i like this gives flexibility, who is Jones in Def Hi Euman this Jones in backline is Nathan Jones. Either him or Milera. N Jones is a bit cheaper and I think he can make more $$$$$$ than Milera. Milera probably scores more, I just think Jones might be the better option Plus correct me if I’m wrong but I think if you have the more experienced players around you it helps in the Midfield. Utility (Serong) RDT Def – Lloyd, Crisp, Doc, Houston, Young, Starcevich (Worrell, Gould) Mid – Kelly, Macrae, Danger, Oliver, Titch, Bonar, Rowell, Pickett (Rivers, McHenry, Budarick) Ruck – Grundy, Jacobs (Cameron) Fwd – Whitfield, Greenwood, Petracca, Townsend, Hill, Georgiades (Rankine, King) Thoughts? I like the Crisp pick, he is very unique this year. I had him last year & he was very up & down. currently my D1 might be silly, and am considering going with Houston at D1 and using cash elsewhere. Moiras comments on Crisp as follows:- “Crisp had a great season in real life and in Fantasy, scoring career high numbers off the Pies’ half-back line and occasionally through the midfield. Averaged 105 in the second half of the season and I think this is about where he can be in 2020, meaning he’s slightly under-priced as he comes in at 98. A solid option with high likelihood of finishing the season as a top six defender.” What are your opinions? Option 1 – Sicily + Treloar Option 2 – Z.Williams/Salem/B.Smith + Neale A fit Taylor Adams always takes fantasy points from Treloar. GWS midfield seems to be bursting at the seams this year, I cannot see Williams getting any midfield minutes so I would be looking at his scores when he plays solely running halfback. I see no value in either of these players and would not surprise me if their average is down 10points on last year’s. Might look at switching Treloar for Taranto What are your opinions? Option 1- Jack Macrae and Marcus Bontempelli or Option 2 Jack Macrae and Josh Dunkley The reason im asking is because i think Bontempelli is a better and more explosive player that can dominate in any game but the down side is that the Bont is always getting tagged because he makes a bigger impact on the game then Jack and Josh think you answered your own question, Bont suseptible to tag so option 2 for me personally I wouldn’t go two premiums on the same team option 2 I’m a bit the same Cameron but after listening to the Podcast the other day the 3 guys make lot of sense in what they where saying. I usually like starting with two Collingwood midfielders if I start with two. I was thinking of starting with Treloar and Adams or Kelly and Taranto but…… Bulldogs play GWS twice before the bye, de boar to Bont not my idea of a fun time post bye jump on Hey lads, Need help, option 1 or 2??? 1 – Lycett, Merrett, Laird 2 – Jacobs, Mcrea, Loyd 2 2 and it isn’t close 2 No love for Jarrod Lyons? last 3 = 124, last 5 at 113 and last 8 games 113 – post bye round 114.7 and is priced at 97 as first 13 games pre bye rounds he went at 83.3. I’ve had him in my side, will be a watch in Marsh 2 Have him also on my Marsh watch list… is a good POD to consider. having CEY in the squad could affect his scores? a Marsh series watch,,, having CEY in the squad could affect his scores? been in and out of my squad since the start of the year, was hoping for something bigger in marsh 1 but still another round to cement himself. could be a huge POD, considering his ceiling. They brought in Ellis-Yolman as a big body around the contest, also they’ll want to give more inside mid minutes to the bag man. Think an average of 105 is achievable but given what he’s priced at don’t think the value is there brodie smith, sic dawg, clark or cerra? what average scores would you expect from them? tipping they should all be around the 90 mark Smith 82 sic 84 Clark 82 cerra 78 Gday ladies & gents have a field day on this if you like!!! Back: Houston, Docherty, Milera, Roberton, Doedee, Young ( Goddard, Thompson ) Midfield: Macrae, titch, Neale, Prestia, Selwood, Rowell, Pickett, Robertson. ( McHenry, bytel ) Ruck: Grundy, Lycett ( xerri) Forward: Whitfield, Gresham, Greenwood, Wingate, Townsend, King ( cavarra, rankine ) Thoughts guys? Honestly a believer Prestia can go 105 this year Averaged 107 for the last 9 weeks last year… Thanks guys, best of luck 2020 Doedee and Young are in doubt for Round 1 at the moment, probably would downgrade both to cheaper rookies, otherwise solid. Mids are okay but expect a tag on Neale most weeks. Lycett is a no currently with the uncertainty around Ladhams vying for the number 1 ruck role, would upgrade to O’Brien. I like Wingard, not sold on Gresham with Hannebery and Jones coming into the side. What cheaper playing def rookies are you suggesting Brander or Bailey Williams from the WCE might get a run (especially Brander with the rumoured wing role). Maybe Starcevich from the Lions though he’s looking more and more uncertain at the moment. Gould should be ready-made at the Swans with the outgoing players in McVeigh, Grundy, etc. Others that might make their case in the Marsh, Rivers, Bianco and T. Williamson. So how come no one is selecting ROB? I have him Locked in, alongside Grundy Sam Jacob’s & Devon Smith Or ROB & Petracca ? Grundy is R1 and Whitfield and Greenwood already in forward line rob + petrac I initially had Grundy and Sauce, but the more I have considered it, the bigger the risk in Sauce. I am pretty much locked into ROB now. Petracca has been on my never again list, but he is tempting after last weekend. 2 Any thoughts on my team please? B: Laird, Houston, Docherty, Keath , Roberton, Starcevich (Goddard, McLennan) M: Macrae, Dangerfield, Bontempelli, Mitchell, J. Selwood, Rowell, McHenry, Pickett (Collier-Dawkins, Budarick) R: Grundy, Nankervis (D. Cameron) F: Whittfield, D. Smith, Rozee, C. Jones, Townzend, Polson (Gardner, Cavarra) apart from keath and nank, team looks pretty good. i would strongly advise you rethink those 2 picks and who tf is poison?? polson* my bad Just looked him up blues guy $195k never heard of him interesting selection on Keath? He is set to hold a key defensive post… which may result in low fantasy scores some weeks, Nank is still recovering from injury and if Tigers play two rucks – he wont be producing the scores you’d expect. Thoughts would be appreciated, cheers DEF: Laird, Houston, Doch, Roberton, Gould, Brander (Starcevich, Goddard) MID: Macrae, Taranto, Dunkley, Titch, Greenwood, Rowell, Ash, Pickett (McHenry, Bytel) RUC: Grundy, Naitanui (Cameron) FWD: Whitfield, MacPherson, Wingard, Kennedy, Townsend, Rankine (Sturt, King) (Bianco) 206k remaining NicNat will only be a part timer. He will score well while he is on, but that won’t be long enough. With NicNat, Brander and Kennedy in your team, you must be a Weagles supporter. Of the others, MacPherson is a massive risk; others good. Bonar or Patton as F4. Can’t split them so far. Also should I go Neale or bont. Neale has higher ceiling but bont Is more consistent. Thoughts You shouldn’t go either of them if they were only in your calculations after marsh 1. Both will get attention with the bont getting the de boar tag twice before the bye Thoughts would be appreciated! Thanks guys, will make changes! DEF: Laird, Clark, Docherty, Roberton, Gould, Young (Rivers, McLennan) MID: Macrae, Dunkley, Cogs, Titch, Houston, Rowell, Anderson, Pickett (McHenry, Bytel) RUC: Grundy, ROB (Xerri) FWD: Whitfield, Martin, Greenwoodn, Townsend, Georgiadis, King (Budarick, Cavarra) (Rankine) 82k remaining Houston, Clark, Docherty, Roberton, Brander, Rivers (Ling, B. Williams) Dunkley, Oliver, Coniglio, Ross, Mitchell, Rowell, Serong, Pickett (McHenry, Budarick) Grundy, Jacobs (Xerri) Whitfield, Smith, Greenwood, Acres, Patton, Townsend (King, Rankine) Sturt Thoughts guys? D: Crisp, Houston, Docherty, H. Clark, Roberton, Brander. ( Goddard, Greaves) M: Dunkley, Cripps, Yep, Tom Mitchell, Selwood, Rowell, Anderson, Pickett (D. Stephens, McHenry) R: Grundy, NicNat (Cameron) F: Whitfield, Wingard, Greenwood, Patton, Poholke, Rankine (King, Budarick) U: M.Eagles Gone a bit cheap in the midfield. See if you can get Selwood up to another premium RDT code 426014, feel free to jump in What’s everyone’s gut feel with Hayden Young? Freo just put out an article that said Serong and Fredericks will play this week in the Marsh and that Young is being managed with the hope of playing next week. reckon he’s there R1? Yeah not sure it’s seeming less likely every week now he will front up round one hey guys thoughts would be great Defenders: Daniel, Houston, Docherty, Roberton, Young, Brander (Butts, Williams) Midfielders: Macrae, Dunkley, Merrett, Tim Kelly, Mitchell, Rowell, Serong, Pickett (Valente, Brayshaw) Rucks: Grundy, ROB (Cameron) Forwards: Whitfield, Greenwood, Patracca, Poholke, Townsend, Georgiades (Sturt, King) Utility: Budarick Salary: 19k left Nice team great mids back yourself looks good you have selected guys for a reason Thanks for your feedback mate =). really solid team. not sure if poholke plays, but if he does then should be a great pick. DEF: Roberton, Houston, Doedee, Ash, Docherty, Gould (Bianco/Starcevich) MID: Macrae, Dunkley, B Crouch, Mitchell, Neale, McHenry, Rowell, Pickett (Budarick/Stephens) RUCK: Grundy, ROB (Cameron) DEF: Whitfield, Greenwood, Patton, Bonar, Rozee, Rankine (King/Georgiades) Fire away your thoughts! You should list them in $ value order it’s easier to follow otherwise good all round structure Any thoughts on my team please? B: Daniel, Houston, Docherty, Clark, Impey, Rivers (Goddard, bianco) M: Macrae, Dunkley, Macpherson, Mitchell, J. Selwood, Rowell, McHenry, Pickett (Starcevic, Bytel) R: Witts, O’brien (xerri) F: Heeney, Ziebell, Ebert, Poholke, Townzend, Georgiades (Rankine, King) 46k left (Cahill) Witts is a gun but has been injured. He broke his foot & is not guaranteed yo be right for round 1 thanks what about Marshall instead Hou, Doc, Doedee, Roberton, Young, Gould Macrae, Treloar, Dunk, Coniglio, Mitchell, Rowell, Anderson, Pickett Grundy, Nat Whit, Greenwood, Petracca?, Acres, Patton, Georgiades boom Doedee is out injured, questionable for round 1. Young looking unlikely Other than those I like the team. Maybe consider Ash instead of Young. Just thought I would let everyone know I went watch the GCS last week McLennon didn’t look good but Mcpherson I think he will have a good year Gold Coast aren’t going to score over 1700 fantasy points again this season, McPherson is capped by his lack of centre bounce attendance might push his average to 90, great guy to pick up in draft just to pricey in classic 1. Gawn + Blakely/under 640k + 170k FWD 2. ROB + Crisp + 170k FWD 3. ROB + Blakely + Bonar I’m leaning toward 2, but love other opinions option 2 for me. ROB will seriously contend Gawns spot as the #2 ruckman this year, so saving that extra $ is a no brainer for me personally. As much as i love the look of Bonar, current reports are stating he won’t be named round one. DEF: Laird, Houston, Docherty, Cerra, Roberton, Young (Starcevich, Goddard) MID: Macrae, Dunkley, Oliver, Mitchell, undecided (627k), Rowell, Anderson, Serong (Picket, Mchenry) RUC: Grundy, Jacobs (Cameron) FWD: Whitfield, Greenwood, Brayshaw/Acres, Jones, Townsend, Brander (King, Rankie) UTL: Budarick Would love to hear everyones thoughts, especially on that midfield spot. Thinking maybe wingard? Spent big on my rookies, in hopes they will all play consistently without being in & out of the team. Wanting to upgrade my F6 (means Brander goes from F5 -> F6). Which downgrade looks the best Crisp -> Blakely Cripps -> Gibbs D. Smith -> Wingard Or do I just keep my forward line how it is as there’s not many around 300-400k FWD right now: Whit, D. Smith, Greenwood, C. Jones, Brander, 170k Cheers, sorry it’s so long Id keep the forward line as is but if you are going to do any its 3, i think crisp will be a top 3 defender, gibbs is a spud who will be lucky to be named but i think wingard goes 90-95 G’day lads. Here to get some tips on my team. Hard to get solid output as I’m playing overseas and have been for the past few years. Planning to go again this year and here’s my team DEF: Lloyd, Houston, Docherty, Roberton, Young, Gould (McLennan, Goddard) MID: Gaff, Danger, Oliver, Titchell, Ward, Rowell, Serong, Pickett (McHenry, O’Halloran) RUC: Grundy, Jacob (Xerri) FWD: Whitfield, Ebert, Greenwood, Petracca, Cockatoo, Budarick (Rankine, M. King) UTL: Brown Would love to hear your thoughts. Not too sure if I should keep Whitfield FWD or move him to MID. Not too sure about rooks as well, just going with what’s common in most teams. Cheers, lads! $140k left in the bank Young and Ward won’t play rd1, Ebert looks likely to spend too much time fwd, Cockatoo seems unlikely and I worry about Gaff being cemented on wing with T Kelly, otherwise looks good. THOUGHTS here with my first team: DEF: Lloyd, Crisp, Houston, Docherty, Roberton, Ash (Gould, Brander) MID: Macrae, Adams, Mitchell, Rowell, D. Stephens, Anderson, Serong, Pickett (McHenry, RCD) RUCK: Grundy, ROB (Cameron) FWD: Whitfield, Smith, Greenwood, Acres, Patton, Rankine (Sturt, King) UTIL: (Budarick) A different approach. There is hardly any rookies under 200k in the def or fwd lines, so I don’t want to punt on a guy at 170k like Goddard or Starcevich who likely won’t score above 40 most weeks. All the midfield rookies will play and score decently well while having good job security. i worry the midfield rooks wont score as much as you hope and midfield is where the points are Thoughts on team would be great thanks Def – Lloyd, Houston, doc , Roberton, young , Gould ( McLennan, brander ) Mid – mccrea, danger , Neale , tmitch , Rowell , Anderson , Robertson , Pickett ( starcevich, Bianco ) Rucks – Grundy , Jacobs ( Cameron) FWDS – Whitfield, Dusty , Walters , petracca, Stuart , Georgiades ( king , rankine ) Bank $115k left Any ideas improvements Who would you guys say are the best mids around the 650-750k range? The one’s who score the most points in a game… Good Luck™®© Those with upside Ross, Lyon, Mccullage, Walsh, Mitchell, Adams etc Do your research and make your own decisions don’t trust what the other people say as gospel. TU Jelly TD Telly Comment: Bontempelli Danger and Greenwood Or Mcrae and Brayshaw ???? Can I ask which brayshaw is that, if it is Hamish brayshaw then I must go with option 1 hello other me Danger and Greenwood, as much as i love Macrae i just don’t trust Brayshaw. my opinion? find the 60k you need for macrae and greenwood. personally, i think they’re both must haves at this stage. Here we go RDT… all thoughts will be considered, thanks… Backs. Lloyd, Docherty, Houston, Roberton, Brander, Young. (Bianco, Gould.) Mids. Macrae, Taranto, Fyfe, Neale, Mitchell, Rowell, Anderson, Serong. (McHenry,Pickett,Budrick.) Rucks. Grundy, O’Brien. (Conroy.) Fwds. Whitfield, Dawson, Greenwood, Brayshaw, Georgiades, King. (Rankine, McAdam.) $51,300 left in the Bank…Now pick it to pieces… DEF – Love the Lloyd pick, he keeps coming in and out of my side but that’s only due to structure, GUN! The rest look the goods, i’d be careful of Brander however as i just don’t see him cracking into the Eagles midfield with all the talent they have there, i currently have Ash in that spot but then again he’s in the same boat, time will tell. MID – Very strong mid, love the unqiue pick in Taranto i feel he could push 115 this season. Shouldn’t have any trouble with those rooks either. RUC – Standard, looking good. FWD – Again, looking strong. Although imo i don’t think Brayshaw will have the breakout year that everyone’s predicting. He struggled to even score over 80 last year which immediately is a red flag for me but i’m ready to be proven wrong. If you can squeeze it my suggestion would be to go up to Wingard as he has that ceiling and looks like he has a great role for this upcoming season which saw him dominate the last month of the 2019 season. Great balance in the team! Should hold you in good stead heading into Round 1. Good luck! They keep saying Brander will play wing this season and if that is the truth he will be a steal,as for Brayshaw,again they are saying more mid time… If i replace him I would like a unique like Rozee, Acres or vanilla Devon Smith….thanks for your imput… all reports so far are saying fyfe will be playing more forward this year, and freo will be giving some young guys plenty of mid time Someone talk me out of, or tell me I’ve made a good call call on Selecting Hugh McCluggage I Just feel like he’s going 105+. His career trajectory is so similar to Josh Kelly And I love watching him play All the comments I’ve read on him people don’t think he’s worth it which is making me get cold feet Back yourself, McCluggage is a jet and having that unique pick could be the big boost that you need to seperate yourself from the rest of the comp. Another year in the system for Hugh will only benefit him and his scoring production. I have been moving him in and out all the time, trust in yourself and go for it… do not be talked out of it, you will hate yourself for it. especially when you see him scoring 110 most weeks. i like him a lot too, and he may even find himself in my team at the start of the season. trust your instincts! Hey guys. Just a quick question. Should I be selecting bonar or Patton as my F4. Also where do we stand on Gus Brayshaw. Do you reckon he is a good cheap option. GUS IS WAIT N SEE IF PLAYS MARSH AFTER HIS INJURY AND WHERE HE PLAYS AND IF HE IS FIT. Sorry as to Bonar or Patton, hard call based on one Marsh series. That said Patton look not match fit but you would expect that to improve, further he is dpp to the ruck and i think he will be the second ruck for Hawks. So if i had to make a call i would be going Patton, currently around that price in my forwards i have Frampton, but seriously considering Patton. RDT Def – Lloyd, Crisp, Doc, Houston, Young, Starcevich (Worrell, Gould) Mid – Kelly, Macrae, Danger, Oliver, Titch, Bonar, Rowell, Pickett (Rivers, McHenry, Budarick) Ruck – Grundy, Jacobs (Cameron) Fwd – Whitfield, Greenwood, Petracca, Townsend, Hill, Georgiades (Rankine, King) Thoughts? Lycett, Anderson, Coniglio or ROB, 170k (not Pickett), Neale Thoughts on my team guys!! Def: J. Sicily, D. Houston, S. Docherty, H. Young, J. Brander, T. RIvers (B. Starcevich, J. Kennerley) Mid: J. Kelly, J. Macrae, P. Dangerfield, P. Cripps, T. Mitchell, M. Rowell, C. Serong, M. Pickett (J. Sharp, R. Collier-Dawkins) Ruc: B. Grundy, R. O’Brien (T. Xerri) Fwd: L. Whitfield, D. Martin, H. Greenwood, J. Townsend, M. Georgiades, I Rankine (M. King, S. McAdam) Utility: (C. Budarick) Rankine on field makes me nervous. Best combo 1. Whitfield and Patton Or 2. Devon smith/dusty and Greenwood? 1 or 2 2, patton will not score well during the season proper, teams will actually try and defend properly as much as i love Whitfield, 2 looks the safer option. Best combo 1. Birchall D4, Stephen hill F4, Patton F5, Whitfield F1 and Hanners M5 2. Gould D6, Greenwoord F4, Ceglar F5, Devon smith F1 and Hanners M6 3. Gould D6, Greenwoord F4, Patton F5, Devon smith F1 and Dunkley M6 4. Gould D6, Greenwoord F4, Patton F5, Whitfield F1 and Hanners M6 i would have to say option 4 4. Just experimenting with my team, what are your thoughts on the best combo 1. D6: Young + M5: Acres or possibly Aron Hall? 2. D6: 170k Rookie + M5: Jelwood/Gibbs/Gresham? Any thoughts would be appreciated. Not sure wether to consider Hall. Averaged 80 last year but is priced a lot cheaper. Also reckon I’de be going with Gresham at M5 for number 2 but if you guys think otherwise let me know Fantasy league, open to all, code is YZK7N7U4. Good luck to all. DEF: Lloyd, Houston,Doch, Roberton, Ash, Young ( Gould, Goddard) MIDS: Macrae, Treloar, Gaff, Titchell, Mcgrath, Rowell, Anderson, Pickett ( McHenry, Bytel, serong) RUCKS: Grundy, ROB ( Cameron) FWDS: Whitfield, Brayshaw, Acres, Bonar, Rankine, King (170k, 170k) 98k remaining Thoughts on my team rookies will change come who’s selected round 1 and feel theres money to be made in the backs and fwds in mid pricers Too many question marks over Mcgrath, Acres & Bonar.. Take a punt on 1 breaking out, but not all 3.. Bonar down to C.Jones or J.Townsend then Acres up to Greenwood for value. well I’ve given my opinion , lots some may say but here is the team I’m settling with, but I am iffy on Cogs. Tell me what u think, cause I know every 1 will lol. Def J Sicily Def D Houston Def/Mid S Docherty Def D Roberton Def H Young Def W Gould Def M Ling Def B Starcevich Def/Mid Midfielders J Dunkley Mid P Dangerfield Mid S Coniglio Mid M Bontempelli Mid D MacPherson Mid/Fwd T Mitchell M Rowell Mid M Pickett Mid C Serong Mid C Budarick Mid/Fwd Rucks B Grundy Ruc R O’Brien Ruc D Cameron Ruc/Fwd Forwards L. Whitfield Mid/Fwd H. Greenwood Mid / Fwd A. Bonar Mid / Fwd M Georgiades Fwd Fwd M King Fwd I Rankine Fwd S McAdam Ben Cavarra Fwd Fwd N. McHenry (Utility) from the foot fetish girl 75 k left over aswell from the foot fetish girl That forward line will give u nightmares Gotta agree with D??? (Interesting name). I reckon you have to chase 1 more of those mid priced bargains in the forward line, there are soooo many of em. Other than that it’s looking pretty good. You’ve got some individual picks in there (I like the addition of MacPherson) as well as most of the locks. So, try and get 1 more mid pricer in the forward and it would be a good balance. Hope this helped! Personally I would feel more confident having Serong on, putting MacPherson to FWD and downgrading Georgiades to another mid rookie. I just don’t trust having three fwd rookies on when I think Serong or Stephens will be higher scorers. Doing this will also put Bonar at F4 rather than F3, which just looks better. Dusty and deven Smith or Whitfield and Ebert ? Dusty & Dev Hi mate im actually considering starting whitfield as a mid fielder just helps my overall structure Euman that’s an interesting prospect I hadn’t considered, good share…. It really is personal choice. I myself am not a fan on dusty (due to inconsistency) and smith (role) and I reckon there is a lot of value in the forwards that are a little bit cheaper than them. However, Ebert would not be the one I’de be chasing at that price cause I don’t reckon he’s gonna be getting too many midfield minutes. So I’ll say 1 but if I were you I’de consider changing ebert to someone else (like Greenwood, possibly Petraca, maybe wingard) if possible. Hope this helped! Sorry, just confused myself, meant number 2. I’m so used to seeing Whitfield + someone else as number 1 on those sort of posts due to price lol u guys worried about Bonar in the FWD line, I was actually worried about to many Suns players from the foot fetish girl How come Rivers didn’t get a gig for Melbourne in the first preseason match? Should we be worried? yep Tried to not make too many adjustments after the weekend, but a couple things stood out.. Firstly I had Laird out and Milera in for 24 hours, felt like their roles have been flipped almost, but sticking it out with Laird, he’s generally consensus best D2 for a reason. Secondly, heard about Brayshaw (Freo) being given ownership of a full time Mid role so wanted to squeeze him in. Thirdly, seeing Greenwood and Houston in their new-ish roles forced me into considering them as well.. OUT – Z. Williams, D. Martin or D. Smith, C. Jones IN – D. Houston, H. Greenwood, A. Brayshaw Best combo 1. Sicily, neale/Oliver and Stephen hill 2. Milera, dunkley and Stephen hill 3. Sicily, hanners and Wingard ? 1 2 or 3 2, if Hill is in your DEF I’d swap him for Cerra due to proposed role Deven Smith and dusty or Whitfield and Wingard ? I have moved Whitfield into the mids to assist with this sort of dilema maybe you could consider the same. I stil have same number of premo mids but one is whitfield, whom i can move to forwards later. This way you maybe able to afford 3 of the 4 you have listed. so Whitfield, Devon and dusty Only one change to my side over MARSH1 bringing in Budarick onto the bench. DEF: Laird, Houston, Docherty, Roberton, Young, Williamson (Gould, Starcevich) MID: Macrae, Treloar, Taranto, Mitchell, Rowell, Ash, Stephens, Pickett (Budarick, McHenry) RUC: Grundy, Gawn (Sweet) FWD: Whitfield, Martin, Greenwood, Jones, Townsend, Rankine (King, Sturt) UTIL: Sharp 8k remaining Houston, Docherty are locks in defence. Being a Carlton supporter I’m also quite bullish on Williamson this year, he’s a lock for a wing/half back role and I’m backing I’m in for a 70-80 average. Macrae and Treloar for the ultra consistent scoring and I feel Taranto will push 120 this year, especially with the new news around Cogs playing more forward and Ward still out if opens right up for Kelly and Taranto. Set and forget combo in the rucks if Gawn is good to go. Whitifeld too hard to pass up and more of a risk avoiding him with his ownership so high. Still undecided on who I’ll go with at F2 out of Martin/Smith but it will be one of them. Greenwood looks to have a brilliant role for the Suns this year and finally getting a full pre season will push him right up into the top 6 forwards discussion. Jones + Townsend hopefully become fairly common stepping stones for bye round upgrades. All going well in my opinion there are 12 keepers in the lineup, 3 low risk stepping stones (Roberton, Jones, Townsend) and a good spread of higher and lower priced rookies with what looks to be good job security. Players i am keeping a close eye on are DEF: Milera, H.Clark & L.Weller as a value pick over Laird. MID: Loving Dangerfield & Oliver but the dates with DeBoer in the first two rounds are keeping me away. RUC: Obviously ROB is front of mind if Gawn isn’t 100%. FWD: Petracca for obvious reasons although I don’t think I could do it. Ainsworth will a full pre season under his belt also. Any thoughts? 4 Midfield Rookies will ruin your 2020.. Good Luck™®© How’s it ruin my 2020? Interested to hear your thoughts. I’d also like to know how you manage to pick 5 premo mids that are all a good chance of finishing in the top 10 without ruining other parts of your side. Will take you 23 rounds to complete your Midfield. Look for value players, Past 3 overall winner have only started with 2 Midfield Rookies they used the “value player” to their advantage. Good Luck™®© So let me get this straight …… frodo! Are you saying that we shouldn’t be starting with Whitfield in the forward line, also on another note, how come you haven’t won the automotive yet let alone finished in top 100 like I did last year. I have a 3 – 0 record against you too from your leagues I’ve joined in the past. So I think I’ll pass on your advice as I feel your just a show pony. Who mention Whitefield ya Knob? You have players in your team that didn’t even play on the weekend…. If you finished in the top 100 like your claim you wouldn’t be asking for advice you idiot let alone showing someone else your team ya silly donkeyrooter! I play RDT, Fantasy is just part time for me so you should be able to beat me who cares. Good Luck in 2021 herald sun super coach league code : 785459 if anyone interested. Are you a supercoach Mark? Good Luck™®© a super super coach The Marsh Hype Team is really going to ruin my thought processes. Especially at the GCS. #staystrong i admit i have made two changes based on Marsh hype but both were on radar anyway. time will tell Gotta love all these rookies chasing last weekends points… Good Luck™®© #1: Jake Lloyd (D1), Zach Merett (M3), Devon Smith (F2), Dusty Martin (F3), Rookie (F6) or #2: Rory Laird (D1), Lachy Neale (M3), Brad Ebert (F2), Chad Wingard (F3), Hugh Greenwood (F4) Price: #1: $2,560,000 #2: $3,253,000 Projected Scores: #1: 419 #2: 443 Option 1 is safer, Option 2 has lower break-evens with the mid prices so ability to generate more money and taking a rookie off the field 1 Post Marsh 1 Team How does this look? All these guys were on my radar anyway. DEF: Smith, Houston, Doch, Cerra, Roberton, Williamson, (McLennan, Goddard) MID: Macrae, Dunkley, Danger, Titch, Greenwood, Rowell, Serong, Pickett, (Valente, McHenry) RUCK: Grundy, ROB FWD: Whitfield, Wingard, Acres, Jones, Townsend, Brander, (King, Rankine) UTILITY: Budarick almost the same team as mine, expect 4 players (and some rookies). looking very good my friend!! Thoughts on Connor Blakely? Priced at 74, averaged 92 on two occasions. Him and Cerra I both like for their prices. I’m just unsure how I can fit them in my team myself. Means I’d need to rock without a premo (Laird/Daniel) and I think 0 premo def is not a good look. If you can do it, congrats !!! wingard, greenwood or petracca? Gotta go with Greenwood Shiraz, the other 2 have potential but greenwood will be in the mid all year so he has that security. He’s also in a developing side in rebuild so he’ll be great! Greenwood by a mile Best combo fwd line 1. Whitfield F1, Dawson F2, Greenwood F3, Patton F4, Townsend F5. Or 2. Dawson F1, Wingard F2, Greenwood F3, Jack Martin/patracca F4, acres F5 2 easy but whitfield should be highest averaging fwd this year Toying with a few team options, currently most set on the 1st but 2 and 3 both have some compelling value. 1. O’Brien R2, D. Martin F2, Serong M7, Brander F6, 85k remaining 2. Jacobs R2, Wingard F2, Hannerbury M6, Brander F6, 53k remaining 3. Jacobs R2, Wingard F3, Serong M7, J. Martin F2, 17k remaining Suggestions for alternatives for Martin or Hannerbury would also be appreciated if 2 or 3 looks best as I’m not really sold on either, already have Mitchell Thoughts on running a no premo defence? I don’t like the sound of it on paper, however when looking at the defence, I feel confident in their abilities. This is what it looks like DEF: Houston, Doc, Blakely, Roberton, Young, Gould I’d love some thoughts on this strategy whether you like it or even considered it or not think this might be the year of value, particularly in forward and defence, so many question marks about top line players in the backline and so much value in the forwardline, my defence is looking very similar but blakely is replaced with smith Houston is my D1 aswell George, I think the top 4 will go down in price and I think Houston and friends will make money,. I think a no premo is the way to go this year, who would have thought no Lloyd, Laird or Houli in your team at the start of the year from the foot fetish girl Jack Crisp based on his second half of year is underpriced If im starting eith any premium defenders its crisp, atm one of the options I’m tossing up between is smith and dusty vs wingard and crisp, if wingard pushes up his TOG in marsh 2 the second option might get the nod whats the go, I can’t make a Captain on any of my DRAFT leagues, and CAP is on what’s the go, other teams have there CAP on but I can’t and I have about 5 draft leagues and they are the same. A little help please Had similar but when I logged back in it was ok still can’t set captains or Vice, this sux I contacted support. They’re working on it. Managed to resist doing too many changes to my team after Marsh 1, Wingard and Anderson were on the watchlist but not in the squad but they’re the only changes expect for brander replacing Young after this injury news. I know four mid rookies is risky but with the lack of immediate options in other lines it seems plausible. Having the four guns softens the risk. Thoughts greatly appreciated Def: Lloyd, Houston, Docherty, Roberton, Ash, brander (Thompson, Mclennan) Mid: Kelly, Macrae, Dunkley, Mitchell, Rowell, Anderson, Stephens, Pickett (McHenry, Collier-Dawkins) Ruck: Grundy, O’Brien (Cameron) Fwd: Whitefield, Wingard, Greenwood, Brayshaw, Townsend, Geogiades (King, Rankine) Utility: Buddarick Very nice structure! Love the fact that Lloyd is sitting there in defence, feels a lot safer imo. Ash and Brander are still a wait and see, i currently have Ash and am still worried if he’ll get a round one gig. Jelly is a great pod and with a full preseason under his belt should go ballistic. I feel the 4-4 structure in the mid is the safest bet crazy enough, lots of good rooks to choose from. Only thing i could really critique is Brayshaw, i just dont see him taking that next big step as he struggled to even get scores over 80 last season, but i could be proven wrong! Overall, this is a very strong team going into the first round! Good luck. Best combo fwd line 1. Whitfield F1, Dawson F2, Greenwood F3, Patton F4, Townsend F5. Or 2. Dawson F1, Wingard F2, Greenwood F3, Jack Martin/patracca F4, acres F5 1 or 2 Wingard and Greenwood or Whitfield and Patton? Select Whitfield as a mid and you can have probably 2 of the other 3 if was me then Whitfield mid and greenwood and wingard if only 2 then whits and greenwood as he will play inside mid and tackle his was to good score each week Sorry I mean 1. Wingard and Greenwood or 2. Whitfield and Patton? Gawn + Blakely + Starcevich (bench) Or ROB + Daniel + 170k DEF (bench) 2nd option for sure Waiting to see how Whitfield is tracking in pre-season cup (full ankle reconstruction in off-season) before he gets locked. The spare cash could be useful…. same, he will morph to martin if he doesn’t get up DEF: houston, laird, Lloyd, gould, young, rivers (Mclennan,H. goddard) (3 rookies) MIDS: whittfield, Mitchell, Macrae, Yeo, Boak, Picket, Rowell, Robertson (Mchenrey, Hibberd) (3 rookies) RUCK: Grundy,Jacobs (Cameron) FWDS: Martin, Greene, Macpherson, townsed, rankine, King (Dixon, Georgidias) (3 rookies) UTL:Bytel. thinking of changing RIVERS: not sure why didnt play marsh series. Any thoughts?? Traded-T.rivers for B-starcevich!!! $33k left over remaining salary.. seems alright know i’m not understanding your rookie count? the 3 rookies mentions denotes on field or are you suggesting all up? DEF – Crisp, Houston, Doch, Roberton, Ash, Young (Gould, Butts) MID – Macrae, Taranto, Dunkley, Titch, Rowell, Anderson, D Stephens, Pickett (McHenry, Budarick) RUC – Grundy, Gawn (Sweet) FWD – Whitfield, Dev, Wingard, Jones, Townsend, Georgiades (Rankine, King) Utility – T Brown 1k remaining Feel like this is a settled lineup, obviously there are going to be some changes if certain rooks don’t get up, my biggest concern from those being Ash. Set and forget ruck is something that i’m looking to do this season as it always burns me each year by not going that route. More of a guns and rooks sort of lineup as i don’t want to have too many mid price players in the squad. Any thoughts would be appreciated! Cheers Any advice for my team so far? Def Laird,Houston,Docherty,Roberton, Young,Starcevich. (Goddard,Rivers) Mids. Macrea,Dunkley,Cognilio,Cripps, Mitchell,Rowell,Anderson,Serong. (McHenry,Bytel) Rucks. Grundy,Jacobs (Cameron) Forwards. Whitfield,Dusty,Greenwood,Flanders, Townsend,King (Rankine,Cavarra) (Pickett) Best combo 1. Dawson, Wingard and acres 2. Dusty, deven Smith and Patton 3. Whitfield, Wingard and Patton 1 2 or 3 2 Team looks good.. hope there’s still a lot of cash left. Be prepared to trade out Rivers, Cavarra and Bytel to more premium rookies if not named R1.. Saints, Dees and Dogs played last weekend and these boys didn’t even make the squad. Best combo 1. Dawson, Wingard and acres 2. Dusty, deven Smith and Patton 3. Whitfield, Wingard and Patton 1 2 or 3. Sorry mistake Best combo now 1. Dawson, Wingard and Greenwood 2. Dusty, deven Smith and Patton 3. Whitfield, Wingard and Patton 1 2 or 3 3 but I’m favouring Bonar over Patton for that 300k fwd option DEF: Houston, Docherty, Cerra, Roberton, Young, Williamson (Brander, Starcevich) MID: Macrae, Dunkley, Neale, Titchell, Rowell, Anderson, Serong, Pickett (Budarick, McHenry) RUC: Grundy, O’Brien (Cameron) FWD: Whitfield, Wingard, Greenwood, Petracca, Brayshaw, Bonar (Rankine, King) UTL: Sturt Bit of a different structure but trying to maximise the value in the fwd line & avoid the lack of good rooks. Thoughts? Good that you go all the forward rooks off the field. Even having King on the bench makes me cringe, maybe swing Buderick to the forward bench and drop King altogether. King will be fine as a f8, he’ll improve plus he has great JS. anyone even slightly interested in Will Brodie? SHOULD get a good run this year, provides a big body in the midfield the suns need. looking like suns are on the up, and hopefully so will their scores. has pig like tendencies, collects plenty of the pill and doesn’t mind a tackle. has scored big scores before, with a 142 last year in round 12 (check his stats in that game btw). excluding a 42 he scored last year, in a game which he had slightly low TOG he would have averaged 95. slightly underpriced on last years average due to only playing the 8 games, being priced at 82 instead of the 88 he achieved. not saying he should be owned by 20% of the comp, but 0.2% seems a little low in my opinion. if he plays week in week out, watch out for him! should be very interesting to see how he performs next week against some quality midfielders. btw, attended 16/28 centre bounces in his last game, which was the most out of any sun (excluding zac smith). also should note the suns seemed to have had a very decent team on the pitch, with MOST of their star players playing. LOL.. must be a Suns supporter. beats a geelong team not at full strength at a preseason match.. now they are “on the up” Need another marsh game to see if his role is an inside mid. Fiorini and Miles didn’t play? Is Brodie in GCS best 22? JS could be an issue. I did look at Brodie when i was doing my summer research. He has a good fantasy game but has not put together consistent scores or games yet. Also Rowell & Anderson will hurt him. just saying suns cannot possibly be any worse, can they? i agree his job security is bad, but they would be stupid not to give him a run this year. he was a high draft pick, with huge amounts of potential. i have looked into GCS midfield, and they surprising have a lot of depth, and with the attention of rowell and anderson, i agree he may struggle for minutes. however, if he does play, i think he can score some big numbers. chances are i’ll look back on my love him with regret, ashamed i even said anything. If he scores another tonne next week, with high CBA and fiorini in the team, i think it would be rude not to CONSIDER. i agree with you, man. he is a gun waiting to go bang and 2020 could be the year Bonar or Patton Bonar for mine Bonar Patton easily Pick best fwd line. I’m liking 1 1. Dawson, Wingard, Greenwood, patracca, acres and Jones. 2. Dusty, deven Smith, Greenwood, Wingard, Patton and Rankin 3. Whitfield, Wingard, Greenwood, patracca, Patton and Rankin. 1 2 or 3 3 but i think you are over spending in your fwds 1, bit of ‘mid-priced madness’ as they’d say but the fwd rooks are very slim at the moment. Thoughts on this team Im not sure about Jacobs if he doesnt play well i might have to change to Grundy DEF: B.Houli, D.Houston, S.Docherty, D.Robertson, L.Ash, H.Young (B.Starcevich, H.Goddard) MID: B.Crouch, L.Neale, M.Bontempelli, P.Cripps, T.Mitchell, M.Rowell, N.Anderson, M.Pickett (N.Mchenry, J.Bytel) RUC: R.Obrien, S.Jacobs (D.Cameron FOR: L.Whitfield, D.Martin, H.Greenwood, C.Petracca, S.Flanders, I.Rankine (M.King, C.Budarick UTL: B.Cavarra Remaining: $5K Thoughts PLZ personally, i think your missing the 2 biggest scorers for next year in macrae and dunkley. petracca could come back to bite you, but if your willing to take that risk good on you. dont think houli will better his average, and will most likely lower it, definitely better options back there (laird, williams, and loads or mid priced options). otherwise, pretty decent team. like the idea of missing grundy, makes it so much easier to create a balanced team. Thanks for the feedback Been stuck on this combo for a while. 1. Gawn, Crisp, Taranto 2. ROB, Lloyd, Jelly I’d be going 2 but I don’t think you need the expensive DEF option, plenty of value Hunter Clarke or Milera at D3? Clark Milera but there are options. I like Cerra at 451k :P i also like cerra over the other options, priced at 100k less and i’m tipping they’ll average around the same. Anyone else unable to log in to the mobile fantasy app? Connect with Fb option not working. Can’t remember password. Email with code to retrieve password never arrives when you try ‘forgot password’ option (and no, it’s not in junk). But oddly enough connect with Fb works when I go in via Safari. Wtf. Sorry Mate, I’ve got no idea. I had some troubles originally with the app glitching me off every time I tried to trade a player. Then they did an update and it seems to be fine now. If worse comes to worse just bookmark the page in safari so that u can get to it easily. Hope you can work it out Also, is anyone else interested in Ben Cunnington as a marsh series watch? He’s priced at an average of 82 but all the news is saying that he’s been a beast through the pre-season and there’s no way he’s playing anywhere else but as an inside mid. Just some food for thought Cunners? As a North supporter, I say.. Nooooooooo! Great player, but handballs too much for fantasy footy. I do have a North jumper with #10 on the back, signed by the man himself. But don’t pick him. If anything, go fishing with him. It will be more rewarding. I virtually never pick North players in Fantasy footy, it’s one reason I do well. Though, at the moment, I’ve got Boner sitting on wood in my forward line.. lol Thanks MiB, that information is quite helpful! I was hoping that his role security might be enough to get him some value but what you’ve said has made me a lot more cautious, I’de have to see a domination in the marsh now to consider him. Will have to go try and chase some cash to upgrade him into a premium mid now. Thanks for the advice! 2020 RDT Leagues… Ole School RDT.. (461896) 17/18 Real Dream Team.. (100490) 18/18 Real DTTalk League.. (378216) 17/18 Real DT Talk 2020.. (913784) 18/18 RDT 2020.. (242371) 11/18 RealDreamTeam 2020 (150752) 10/18 Limited Spots remaining. Good Luck in 2020™®© Just joined 150752 cheers Good Luck in 2021™®© DEF: Lloyd Laird Docherty Roberton Ash Young (Starcevich, Rivers) MID: Macrae Cripps Mitchell Neale Rowell Anderson Serong Pickett (McHenry, Bytel) RUCK: Grundy Jacobs (Cameron) FWD: Whitfield Martin Steven Brayshaw M. King Rankine (McAdam, Smith) Hey Nick, I reckon you might have a bit too many draftees in the mid and are missing out on some potentially big time bargains. I suggest you consider trying to find a way to get some of those mid priced bargains (such as Gibbs, Jelwood, etc.) in there. I also advise maybe downgrading one of your defender premiums (laird or lloyd) into Dan Houston as he will be a gun this year. Hope this Helps! I dont mind this approach love the forward line. I like also you have paid up on rookies too good idea for structure i.e. if have to swap easier to go down in price than up. How much cash do you Have? I see the allure of what Don is saying but your whole structure would suffer at best lloyd to houston and say a trade of serong excluding cash only gives you $455k and that not worth doing, depending on cash you would then need to change another player and bang your whole structure is gone. If you like the setup then go with your gut ride out the preseason and reassess at the end. Structure to me is Def 3/1/2 MID 4/0/4 – im counting Titch as Premo not price wise but is a keeper so no trade required Ruck 1/1/0 FWD 3/1/2 Potentially 11 keepers DEF: Williams Docherty Dawson Doedee Roberton Young ( Starcevich, Gould) MID: Fyfe Neale Dunkley Prestia Rowell Pickett Robertson Stephens (Bytel, McHenry) RUCK: Grundy Gawn (Cameron) FWD: Whitfield Dusty Smith Townsend Rankine King (Cahill, ESmith) UTILITY: Rivers Hi Mathew, same as Nick I’m gonna mention that 4 rookie’s in the mid is a bit risky! Firstly I reckon you could downgrade one of those forward premiums to a bargain such as andrew brayshaw if he performs in the marsh. I also reckon you should consider trying to get Dan Houston in there, you could upgrade someone like a doedee into him. I also suggest moving Gawn into ROB or jacobs cause they have a lot more value and will rise a bit before the bye rounds where you can choose wether to upgrade to Gawn or not. Finally, although I like how your mid is very original and your going with your instincts and research, Titch has great value this year and you should try to get him in there. You could try to upgrade him from one of those rookies or you could downgrade one of your other mids into him. His extreme value is hard to ignore. Feel free to use or ignore any of these, they are just suggestions! Remember to go with your instincts. Hope this helped! I like this too, i started my team with the G>G ruck combo and it was only his injury that made me change, but wait and see. Love you got Martin and Smith in Forwards. Fantasy Leagues: All Welcome MCANRKJ3 PJR644UR DEF: Daniel Houston Docherty Birchell Roberton Young (Goddard McClennan) MID: Dunkley Coniglio Mitchell Hannebery Selwood Rowell Robertson Pickett (Maginness McHenry) RUC: Grundy Jacobs (Sweet) FOR: whitfield Ebert Greenwood Brayshaw Townsend Flanders (Rankine King) Utility: Starcevich All rookies interchangeable and 99k in the bank. Hey Redders, the team is looking good! You’ve got a lot of the major locks in there and you are going with some of your own individual picks! Some advice I’d suggest would be to maybe change Ebert. Even though there is all this hype over Wines being injured I still don’t reckon he’ll get enough time in the mid to be worth it. Other than that it’s looking pretty nice. If I gave you too many suggestions it would start looking like my team lol Feel free to keep Ebert, it’s just a suggestion to think on! Hope this helped! Thoughts on these trades after tonight’s game. Devon Smith to Tim Membrey Lachlan Ash to Sam Frost ??? Oh my god… STAY STRONG!!! Sometimes you should go with your gut … in this case I’d be putting the fingers down the throat to regurgitate those trades asap! In the immortal words the Chosen won Good luck in 2021™®© Sorry jokes aside, agree me old mate AndyJH – stay strong, Membrey is result of one practice match and Frost is like $100k dearer and to be honest will probably score similar is just IMO so in a word NO be prepared for some 30’s from membrey and 10 -20’s from frost I noticed that Starcevich is not named for Lions’ game against Port, looks like a best 22 side also. Shame would be good to see the kid get a good run at it injuries haven’t been kind Named on the interchange bench. Comments from Moiras Magic on this bloke “Just 64 in the NEAFL last season. Not enough, even if named.” Was in my team until i read that, but wait n see if plays some pre season Evening gents, this is my first crack at fantasy. Hoping to get some points on the board over the guys at work. Any advice would be great. DEF – Lloyd, Houston, Doch, Doedee, Robertson, Young (Bianco, Stracevich) MID – Dunkley, Cog, Titch, Jelwood LDU, Rowell, Anderson, Serong (DRobertson, Pickett) RUCK – Grundy, Darcy (Cameron) FORW – Whitfield, Walters, Greenwood Brayshaw, Townsend, Rankine (ESmith, MKing) UTIL – S Flanders Only couple I am unsure about is LDU and Darcy, I wanted my R2 to be a cash generator to upgrade to better ruck later in season. Also is there any value in Dan Butler at $384k? Cheers all Also only $3k in the bank :( Hey Graham, the Mids are where you generate most of your points, so you really want 4-5 guns in there. I would downgrade LDU & Brayshaw or Doedee & add a gun into your Mids. Thanks mate, much appreciated :) Ok quick answer to your question on Butler its a no from me he will score around 40-65 regardless of pre season he will play a small forward role, and at that price i think there is better value in others, even Flanders, Townsend, or Frampton all cheaper Agree with AndysJH comments Structure ignores rookies DEF – 2/3/1 hard call on this im counting Houston, Doodee & Roberton as mid price and Docherty as premo ignores his price looks at if hes a keepr. Potentially you could have 3 keepers in D1-D3. Personally i dont see the value in Doodee but up to you. MID – 3/1/4 im counting Titch as premo & keepr ignores price and Jelwood as mid priced. Agree Andy here looks little weak and im not on Jelwood he will play wing and be rested for later in year and finals i think 90 will be about it for him, but theres cash in that. RUC 1/1/0 i get the Darcy pick theres value there and will help with rest of team. FWD – 2/2/2 I count Walters as full priced i dont trust him personally but i get the pick. If Flanders selected to play i would have him on the field. Look to upgrading to get oen more premo mid footy is back, lock and load Titch and Wingard will b hard to ignore from the foot fetish girl who loves her feet in peanut butter Hi emily, I really too like the advice you give on this site and thank you for provide me with helpful info I need to build my team. I’m using my hubby account, but could you choose out of Brett Bewley or josh Kennedy for F4 both have been training very well? You have encourage me to come out in the open and tell everyone that I have a secret door fetish too, I have really enjoyed stamping up and down in warm apple pie doing the hokey pokey and get thrills from pastry sliming down my thighs. I really want to get the girls around to help me mash some sweet potato too what do ya think ? Thanks girl and keep up the good work. You know a lot more than most of the other kind on this site so you got me hooked xxxx I am Sam Menegola ©™ Good Luck™®© Fark Hawk, you are smoking the good stuff this year.. Hawk your a muppett lol Rawanda wow a lot of questions. 1) Probably Bewley, think he will play a little midfield time. Hence more points. Kennedy stay home FWD if he doesn’t kick goals then no points. 2) a door fetish, well I’ll stick to my foot fetish lol 3) ur feet in warm apple pie sounds familiar (movie) 4)and get the girls around to mash potato with ur feet u will enjoy it. so much fun between ur toes girl. 5) Rawanda put ur feet in a bucket of: bake beans snails jelly mud worms grapes Someone PLEASE take Hawks crack pipe away. B: B.Smith Houston Doch Roberton Young Gould (Mclennan Ling) M: Macrae Dunks Cogs Adams Titch Rowell Pickett Valente (RCD Mchenry) R: Grundy ROB (Cameron) F: Whitfield Devon Ebert Jones Townsend Brander (King Rankine) UTL: Close Nice team Kjaks, You’ve done well to get that many premiums in the mid while keeping Titch! Adams could be a great underpriced premium if he keeps the injury’s away! Again I’m gonna question Ebert and the amount of time he gets in the mid but if he does well in the marsh then lock him in. Sadly (Being a Bombers fan, name totally doesn’t give it away lol) I don’t reckon Smith will get as much mid time as hoped but he’ll hopefully still get enough to pump out some good scores! Other than that it’s looking good! Hope this helped! Pretty much sold on this team and can’t see it changing too much before round 1. Would love some thoughts! Def: smith Houston docherty Roberton young Gould Mid: macrae, gaff, coniglio, Rockliff, Mitchell, Rowell, Anderson, Pickett R: Grundy, Jacobs Fwd: Whitfield, Dusty, Greenwood, Patton, C.Jones, rankine Def- Laird, Houston, Doch, Roberton, Young, Williamson (McLennan, Goddard) Mid- Macrae, Dunks, Zerrett, Titch, Selwood, Rowell, Warner, Pickett (McHenry, Collier-Dawkins) Ruck- Grundy, ROB (Cameron) Fwd- Whitfield, Dusty, Ebert, Jones, Townsend, Rankine (King, Sturt) (Starcevich) 4K remaining Thought I’d try get as many of the big guns as possible while also getting all the players I see value/upside in without having to field a ridiculous amount of rookies. Obviously nothings set in stone but any advice or feedback would be appreciated! Cheers guys! What do people see as a the difference between Williams and Houston? At the moment I have Williams, but I feel like they can both go 95+ and I’d save 90k going with Houston.. Essentially Z.Williams + J.Dawson (FWD) or D.Houston & D.Smith Houston & Smith for me but Williams dawson would be unique Same Houston and Smith only because i dont trust Horse and with the exits from Swans backline Dawsons role is up in the air, also with Buddy injured he may go forward, essentially he could be Sic Dawg mark 2. Williams also its hard to work out exactly where he will play with Cogs back in the side, but if he lines up mid for entire Marsh series then sure. Smith will play mid and apparently is fit i just can do him lets look at his last 6 years GP Avg 7 79.4 22 106.6 16 81.63 11 78.09 20 85.9 21 94.05 Only gone > 100 x 1, only gone over 90 x 1. Less than 90 = 4 times out of 6 years. Only played full season 1/6, and 3/6 years <16 games This is reason ive selected Martin, although am currently leaning toward value in Gresham If anything the exits from the Swan’s backline makes Dawson’s role more certain. As much as some don’t trust Longmire he did confirm that Dawson has been training as a defender over the preseason and with McVeigh gone there’s a need for another user alongside Lloyd. Think he could definitely push 90 in terms of average Opinions? Can’t make up my mind. 1 – Pendlebury/Cripps/Yeo m4 (titch will be m5) & Wingard (f2) 2 – Selwood m5 & Dusty/walters f2 not sure what your question is sorry? If im reading it right 1. Cripps (But i have man crush) M4 2. Dusty F2 again man crush but not sure on Walters hes more up and down than martin and gets injured Freo got a lot of kids coming through (as do Tigers i guess) Then if i had to pick one option if that was another question id say option 1 Yeah poorly worded sorry. You did figure it out though, thanks. DEF:Sicily Docherty Houston Roberton Young Gould (Goddard,McLennan) MID: Macrae Treloar Taranto Oliver Titch Rowell Pickett McHenry (Bytel, Starcevich) RUCK: Grundy Jacobs (Cameron) FWD: Whitfield Smith Brayshaw Jones Townsend Georgiades (Rankine King) UTILITY: Valente Bank; 118k Thoughts! RDT League Code. 624681. Only 5 remain. ALl Welcome DT TALK 2020’CHAT – F9JAFDTJ DEF: Houston, Clark, Docherty, Cerra, Roberton, Young (Brander, Starcevich) MID: Macrae, M Crouch, Oliver, Mitchell, Rowell, Anderson, Ash, Flanders (McHenry, Pickett) RUC: Grundy, Naitanui (Naismith) FWD: Whitfield, Dawson, Greenwood, Brayshaw, Jones, Townsend (King, Rankine) (Collier-Dawkins) Def- Laird, Houston, Doch, Roberton, Young, Williamson (McLennan, Goddard) Mid- Macrae, Dunks, Zerrett, Titch, Selwood, Rowell, Warner, Pickett (McHenry, Collier-Dawkins) Ruck- Grundy, ROB (Cameron) Fwd- Whitfield, Dusty, Ebert, Jones, Townsend, Rankine (King, Sturt) (Starcevich) 4K remaining Thought I’d try get as many of the big guns as possible while also getting all the players I see value/upside in without having to field a ridiculous amount of rookies. Obviously nothings set in stone but any advice or feedback would be appreciated! Cheers guys! hey guys thoughts? Defenders: Daniel, Houston, Docherty, Young, Gould, Starcevich (Goddard, McLennan) Midfielders: Macrae, Dunkley, Merrett, Cogs, Mitchell, Rowell, Serong, Pickett (Bytel, McHenry) Rucks: Grundy, ROB (Cameron) Forwards: Whitfield, Smith, Brayshaw, Jones, Townsend, Brander (Rankine, King) Utility: Valente Salary: 1k left i went without Robertson so then i could spend a little more on rookies in my forward line. Uncle Bob, Starcevich may not play, but other than that it is a different looking team, from the foot fetish girl Emily can I just ask a quick one, do you get more moist then stepping in a pile of dingleberries when the guys a kicking the footy around (with their feet of course) during a match . Or is it different with shoes on like a oinker getting soaked by someone else’s mud with all the other urinations lol Bullants, simple answer is, I like my feet in anything gross and I like others putting their feet in gross stuff, male or female. female feet are yummier espeacially with peanut butter through the toes , but a guy bare feet in a bucket of mash potato I would say no lol from the foot fetish girl Heya Lads and Ladettes, back for another year! Thoughts on my stay strong Marsh Series team? All thoughts and opinions appreciated… DEF: Crisp, Houston, Docherty, Roberton, Young, Gould (Starcevich, Goddard) MID: Macrae, Treloar, Gaff, Coniglio, Mitchell, Rowell, Anderson, McHenry (Pickett, Bytel) RUCK: Grundy, Patton (Cameron) FWD: Whitfield, Martin, Ebert, Jones, Townsend, Georgiades (King, Rankine) UTILITY: Valente Very nice until I saw Patton’s name. He’s a good option, but you’re going to spend ages trying to upgrade him. Maybe go Dusty down to a Wingard/Greenwood/Brayshaw and then a cheaper mid premo and you could get to Jacobs. Apart from that, I really like this team. If anyone wants to join a draft league the code is WD337NXC The draft kicks off at 7pm Eastern standard time, good luck 7pm tonight that is so in a bit over an hour and a half I’ll be charting all the CBAs and kick-ins on my twitter account @NegaNebulusPod. Chuck us a follow if you’re keen, already got the Saints and Hawks one up What do people think of this team after reading a few intra club reports? DEF: Dawson, Houston, Docherty, Cerra, Roberton, Young, (McLennan, Goddard) MID: Dunkley, Danger, Coniglio, Ross, Titch, Rowell, Serong, Pickett, (McHenry, Valente) RUCK: Grundy, ROB FWD: Whitfield, Wingard, Acres, Jones, Townsend, Brander, (Rankine, King) UTILITY: Starcevich Thoughts would be appreciated DEF: Laird, Houston, Doch, Roberton, Young, Gould (Starcevich, Goddard) MID: Macrae, Taranto, Cogs, Titch, Selwood, Rowell, Flanders, Pickett (McHenry, Bytel) RUC: Grundy, Naitanui (Cameron) FWD: Whitfield, Dusty, Ebert, Kennedy, Cockatoo, Rankine (Cavarra, King) (Bianco) Quite vanilla but a few PODs in there 156k left over Didn’t cockatoo have a recent soft tissue setback – you might need to rethink him. I like Naitanui on the ruck… seems to have fallen behind Jacobs, Lycett etc in public perception, but if he can manage 60-70% game time early in the season he will be just as good with the chance for better upside. Rawanda if u cant get any girls to help u squish sweet potato with ur feet do it any. U will love the squishyness between ur toes and all over ur feet, hubby may like it aswell u have to try ur feet in other things girl. Delta Goodrem loves her feet slimed would love to lick peanut butter off her toes and feet from the foot fetish girl Good afternoon emily, just woke up ready for today’s action between the pups and the joeys. I was hoping to watch it while eating leftover dinner stew from last night but I look out the window to see my kids getting slimed in it while doing the swim and snorkel dance so I’m a bit peeved but happy for the like mother like daughter thing lol. Anyhow I’m also a fan or slimer from ghostbusters and spend a lot of money on play doh melting it and getting slimed pretending I’m a care bear sliding on a rainbows. Enjoy the game sis wow what an imagination Rawanda lol. U havn’t said whether u would put ur feet in a bucket of bake beans or other gross stuff from the foot fetish girl Fark this clown off warnie This is getting annoying for a lot of people here. Please stop or you’ll be blocked from posting. I know we don’t have to read it & it’s taking up space, but if it ain’t footy related take it it to a foot fetish forum, well done Warnie Please do that it is very annoying. Its even annoying me! Good Luck Hawk up to his usual “tricks” About time this got stopped We have a front runner for R3 Xerri step on down what did he do and will he get a game with Goldy and Daw from the foot fetish girl Def: Smith, Houston, Docherty, Robertson, Young, Gould (starcevich, Mclennan) Mid: Kelly, Danger, Oliver, Worpel, Titch, Rowell, Stephens, McHenry (Pickett, collier-Dawkins) Ruck: Grundy, ROB (Cameron) Fwd: Whitfield, Dawson, Ebert, C Jones, Georgiades, King (Rankine, N Cahill) Utility: Bianco 73k in the bank. Was thinking of a Dawson or Ebert swap to Brayshaw if he performs well in Marsh which could upgrade one of my premo’s to Dunkley (most likely Oliver). Also I know worpel might be a bit left field, but I’m feeling a breakout year in the vein of Taranto last year idk. Any tips and advice would be much appreciated!!! Love Worps, had him all last year but fear Titch influence, watch marsh series i guess. I think his breakout year was last year, but a lot of focus will be on Titch so he still might do well from the foot fetish girl Hey Tom, your team’s looking good! This is obviously subjective but the first thing that I’m gonna mention is Josh Kelly. I feel like you can get a much more reliable player who is a lot less injury prone for the same or a little but more money. Consider upgrading him to Macrae or trading him for a Dunkley or Treloar. Also, I would try and trade in Jacob Townsend, being a bombers fan I’m seeing all the news on him and I’m pretty confident he’ll be playing, and in the mid as well! At least be prepared to trade him in if he does well in the marsh! Hope this helped! I agree that Kelly is an injury risk but man he is worth it. He is the number 1 Mid this year by ave & managed to ave 129 over a 7 game stretch mid year. He did that off the back of an injury interupted pre season. Do you really want yo start without him.. Fair point, I guess the reason that I’m doing it is that I’ve already got a lot of risky players in my team which is why I’m going with those safe, consistent options. It really does depend on the rest of your team and how you want to play it. League 898119 10 teams starts R2. Looking for 2 more. Thanks. Gday folk. First year playing this game and would appreciate some advice about me team,, So far I have Def – birch Houston Starceivch Doc cerra Robertson Int – McLennon Ling Mid- Rockliff bont Mitchell Neal danger Macrae Pickett Rowell Int- Warner McHenry Ruck- Grundy Jacobs. Int- Xerrie Forward- lipinski Martin townsend rankin Rozee Max king Int- m Frederick, c Taylor Utility – brander I am unsure if my forward line is a little under par ? 2 basement price rookies starting in your forward line is asking for trouble, i would recommend downgrading a midfield premo to a rookie (anderson perhaps) in order to upgrade one of them to a premium forward. keep in mind that midfield rookies are usually far more reliable than than forward and defender rookies, even if that means spending more dollars on the higher draftees. maybe a few too many unique picks throughout the team, however i do admire your courage! i would stay away from rozee, unless he gets big midfield minutes in the marsh, otherwise don’t expect nothing more than an 80 average if he’s playing predominantly as a forward. rockliff is also another debatable pick, he is far from the player he once was and see his average staying around the 100-105 mark, hard pass for me, we would all love to see the old rocky again, so fingers crossed i’m wrong. i can see cerra having a huge breakout this year, given plenty of opportunity in a depleted fremantle team, should be placed in the midfield where he rightfully belongs, worst case scenario he stays down back and averages around 80, great pick. Def: Williams, Houston, Doch, Roberton, Young, Gould (Ling, McClennen) Mid: Dunks, Oliver, Yeo, Adams, Titch, Rowell, Warner, Pickett (McHenry, T.Brown) Ruc: Grundy, O’Brien (Cameron) Fwd: Whit, Smith, Wingard, Jones, Townsend, Georgiades (Rankine, King) Ute: Starcevich $5k remaining cannot fault this team. oliver, yeo, and adams are very interesting picks, but certainly have the potential to be very lucrative. grundy o’brien ruck combination should be deadly, i’m tipping they’ll be ranked 1 & 2 by the years end. Thanks mate. Pretty happy with the structure provided the rooks get a go and like the uniques. Wingard and Greenwood are fighting it out for F3 atm and Williams could be a great POD with all this talk about Cogs playing forward more Best combo . 1. Birchall, Gibbs, Rankin 2. Gould, zmerret and townsend? 1 or 2 i would lean towards option 2. too much risk surrounding birchall and gibbs, will have to see how they perform in the marsh. i also see a lot of value in townsend and is almost a must have for me at this stage. hope this heaps a little bit Just dropping my team here so I’ve got it in writing, AFL Fantasy: Drunk Pandas, Def: Crisp, Houston, Docherty, Clark, Young, Rivers, (McLennan, Goddard) Mid: Dunkley, Coniglio, Dangerfield, Mitchell, Greenwood, Rowell, Bianco, Pickett, (McHenry, Valente) Ruck: Grundy, Jacobs, (Cameron) Fwd: Whitfield, Ziebell, Dawson, Jones, Patton, King, (Rankine, McAdam) UTI: Brander, 6k remaining, Thoughts? Cheers Hey mate, how come you are rolling with Greenwood in your Mids? Might be because the sup 600k mid options are trash and it gives him the flexibility to slide Greenwood in if jones or Patton don’t fire, thought about doing this with Sicily and having Houston in the mids like your team a lot. especially the uniqueness of clark, dawson, ziebell and crisp. unsure about patton however, as i can’t see him averaging more than 65, he might make you around 100k but realistically he will always be a sub par fantasy scorer to say the least, i would recommend the likes of Townsend, will save you some dollars and should average around 10 points more than Patton. actually really like the idea of having a DPP player in your midfield, have always considered it during the preseason but have never gone through with it. ziebell is very interesting, finished the and definitely worth the risk considering there are no real standout forward options. Which combo? 1. Brodie Smith & Sam Walsh 2. Hunter Clark & Seb Ross option 2 for sure what does Petracca have to do to get a gig. If he does the same with Brayshaw in the team is he a take a look at. from the foot fetish girl def: Williams, Houston, Docherty, Cerra, Roberton, Young (Goddard, Mclennan) mid: Macrae, Dunkley, Lyons (yes, i know), Mitchell, Hannebery, Rowell, Anderson, Pickett (Mchenry, Bytel) ruc: Grundy, Lycett (Cameron) for: Whitfield, Martin, Acres, Jones, Townsend, Rankie (King, Cavarra) utility: (Valente) i know there are some unique players in here, have just been changing it up lately and would love to hear your thoughts on them. Specifically Cerra, lyons, hannebery, acres, and lycett. banking on the dockers giving the youngsters a run in the middle, and hoping they get plenty of it! I know forward line is on the weaker side, but considering the lack of premium options i’ve decided to strengthen my weaker lines and hopefully upgrade once the everything is a bit clearer. Thanks in advance! What are everyones thoughts on Stocker (Carl)????? ie.Brayshaw Roberton vs Petracca Stocker Thoughts on Ceglar as a fwd option? Finished the year with back to back hundreds with Mcevoy in the team, still young and about to enter his prime as a ruck. I can’t see any reason why his scores would go down this year, and if their ruck set up shifts even slightly more towards ceglar as the main ruck and he gets another 10 HO a game and another 3 possessions there’s 15points of upside, for minimal risk. From all training reports Mcevoy has been training down back, but regardless it’s reasonable enough to suggest for Ceglar to get slightly more mid/ruck time this year. yeah not sure on him tiger, depends I think on where ur putting the cash u save I guess, def a POD. Mcvoy is playing down back so I think he will be solo from the foot fetish girl a good alternative/POD instead of Greenwood or Wingard. a strong preseason could see Wingard avg around 90 if given midfield time. If you reckon Ceglar can avg 90 then I say pick him as a POD. High risk high reward. Why would it be high risk? Worst case he maintains his price/avg at 75? if you’re gonna spend $560k on a player, you’d want value for money. you can spend much less on a player for a 75 avg Baboshka read the previous comments if you jump on here girl, miss havin a chat from the foot fetish girl Still something I’m considering, seeing (painfully) held him all last year: Heeney vs Dawson. Yes I know Heeney is currently nursing a broken thumb, but he did manage to play all 22 games last year. Dawson is a pre-season hype, but worth looking at. Who else in that $600 – 650 K is worth looking at ? Thoughts please. u can never be sure with Heeney, if Franklin is there it will help him,but if hes not it might b a tough year. And Dawson who knows. from the foot fetish girl Selby’s thoughts on Heeney.. I’ve incorrectly picked this breakout the past two seasons, and maybe it’s because I’m stubborn, but I have the feeling this will be the year. Good Luck … that’s what I thought last year – especially with Hanners shifting to StK and Kennedy not getting any younger… I started with both Mills and Heeney. Ouch I’m liking my team but what are your thoughts? 5k in bank Def: Daniel, Houston, Doch, Roberton, Young, Gould (ling, McLennan) Mid: Macrae, Treloar, Mitchell, Selwood, A McGrath, Rowell, Rivers, Pickett (McHenry, Bytel) Ruck: Grundy, ROB (Cameron) Fwd: Whitfield, Devon, Greenwood, Rozee, Townsend, Georgiades (Rankine, M King) Utility: Starcevich Thinking maybe it’s wiser to downgrade Rozee to chayce Jones and upgrade McGrath to an Uber but I really think both could breakout by 20 points this year i like this team quite a bit, i would consider the downgrade of rozee to Jones and then an upgrade in the midfield but its up to you whether you want the cash of McGrath or the safe 100+ of an uber mid. but i would wait and see McGraths role in the community series first. I like the McGrath pick there is a little upside with I think. Rozee, well it’s Port, and Hinks, your guess is as good as mine lol from the foot fetish girl I’m struggling to nail my r2, this is an opportunity for you to sell me your preferred selection. SouvLarkey, ROB is who I am going with and I think its the smartest move. He’s the closest 1 to move up to Gawn, but if he takes an injury u can go down a player. A lot of flexibility not just points ull get from ROB. I was thinking Mcavoy but a slight injury last night has scared me off that 1. The thing is no 1 wants to make a bad decisions, but I don’t think this is one of them. He plays Sydney first up who knows which RCK he’ll be against then Then he has the showdwon (Lycett) Martin then the tigers 3 home games then the MCG to start off pretty easy start I think. from the foot fetish girl What do you guys see being the difference between Dunkley and Macrae for averages this year ? I’m toying with going Dunkley over Macrae and using the 35k elsewhere Dunkley had 12 of his last 16 games at 118+. I feel he’s a very strong chance of a 120+ season Both will be in your team by seasons end you just need to work out one presents the best value right now and how it helps the rest of your team in the early rounds. Dunkley over Macrae for me Good Luck in 2020 why not both? Both are in for a ripper year. Ive got both Any advice with this team please.. Def Laird,Houston,Docherty,Roberton, Young,Starcevich. (Goddard,Rivers) Mids. Macrea,Dunkley,Cognilio,Cripps, Mitchell,Rowell,Anderson,Serong. (McHenry,Bytel) Rucks. Grundy,Jacobs (Cameron) Forwards. Whitfield,Dusty,Greenwood,Flanders, Townsend,King (Rankine,Cavarra) (Pickett) Sauce & Patton Or ROB & M. King or other cheap rook (on field)? Best combo 1. Zmerret, birchall/doedee, Stephen hill and Patton 2. T Adams, def rookie, fwd rookie and dusty 3. Z merret, def rookie, fwd rookie and Steven 1 2 or 3 As much as im iffy on them gotta say 2, merret and steven have both had interrupted preseasons (adams also has a mildly interrupted one) but dusty is fine and should be top 3 forward, dont like the mid pricers listed in option 1 This whole “Merrett has an interrupted ore season” seems to be one of the biggest myths of the whole pre season. Every article you read about Essendons injury woes, and players that have missed chunks of training, never is there any mention of Merrett Whoever started the rumour, I thank you. I’m loving having Zach as a 4% owned POD and imo a certain top 8 mid The only interrupted part of pre-season that I think these false alarmers on here claim he has is that he is not part of the leadership group this year. If anything this is a good sign he will get back to his piggish best. For me he has been locked in M3 since the get go, I’m happy to give advice on here anytime but these so called seasoned fantasy players on here haven’t got a clue sometimes, sorry I meant most times. All the best bro Haha well said. You’ve got a guy that has 117 and 118 seasons to his name, is extremely durable and still in his prime yet no one wants him. Could be a top 3 mid this year yet again Problem is Essendon are going to stink it up with their massive injury list. Plus there is more to this leadership thing I suspect … is Merrett out of there at the end of the year joining Daniher and Fantasia jumping from the sinking ship? And didn’t he have concussion issues? They don’t just go away. hey peeps, I’m not sure on Merrit, yes there is not much in the Bombers MID but I’m just worried about him shaking a tag, when he’s good he’s awesome but he can stink it up bad aswell. anyway what do I know I’m just a girl who loves her feet in a bucket of jelly. from the foot fetish girl ……………….infact I like my feet in anything lol, except anything thats going to hurt me like acid or a shredder Bullant9. If it’s slimy and squishy I’d put my feet in it :) from the foot fetish girl Looking for some feedback on the best combo 1. Def: Witherden / Fwd: Dusty, Wingard – 18K remaining 2. Def: Birchall / Fwd: Whitefield, Wingard – 22K remaining 3. Def: D.Howard (def/fwd) / Fwd: Whitefield, J.Dawson (def,fwd) – 15K remaining 4. Def: N.Haynes / Fwd: J.Steven, J.Dawson – 20K remaining 5. Def: J.Dawson / Fwd: Dusty, T.McLeon – 35K remaining I reckon number 2, You have to have Whitfield in your team and Wingard is looking like a good bargain this year with hopefully a lot more time in the midfield, unless he’s playing all forward in the marsh he looks great. Not completely sold on Birchall but number 2 is definitely looking like the best combo. Hope the helped! Def: Lloyd, Williams, Docherty, roberton, young, rivers (goddard, starcevich) Mid: macrae, Dunkley, Coniglio, Mitchell, Houston, rowell, Robertson, pickett (mchenry, bytel) Ruck: grundy, patton (draper) Forwards: whitfield, ebert, greenwood, brayshaw, townsend, flanders (cahill, rankine) Utility: king $73k remaining Move Williams to Houston in the back line and bring in a gun mid if you can find the cash forward line looks a bit shaky for my liking. I would suggest turfing Ebert. I know there’s a bit of upside to him, but I would be nervous starting him, Greenwood and Brayshaw in the same team. Ebert has the least potential upside and potentially the most risk. He’s aging and missed half of last year through injury and seems to have moved into more of a forward role. i actually like the squad, i reckon Williams in defense will play mainly in mids, same could be said of Houston, greenwood and brayshaw. Patton as second ruck is a great move if he plays fit every game and ebert will do ok, plenty of value Is there any merit in starting without Grundy or Gawn as there is cheaper options this year. Then work to upgrade to them So here’s the thing I think you have to start Grundy he’s a captain option every week, the theory I had last year is to go with a ruckman in the last round of the bye that has potential to have a mini breakout last year I went Witts pushed his average from 95-105, with the plan to upgrade to Gawn at the bye. The thinking behind this is the points you’ll lose between what was Witts 100-105 and Gawns 110 you’ll at worst break even on by Witts playing an extra game and you use a trade to swap them with Gawn coming off the bye. The theory is the same this year with ROB who should should see a mini breakout and push his average from 105-110. So I’ll be starting Grundy and ROB with the option to bring Gawn in if his average is 5/10 points better after his bye then ROBs. If ROB is the second best ruckman behind Grundy at the bye then I’ll just keep him. with Gawn start to the season here and there with niggles , I think u can start without him. Grundy on the other hand has a BE of 122 and plays the dogs/English first round. He may go down in price but even if he goes down 100k thats 100k off ROB so ROB has to make 100k to be the same. (if u get what Im saying,lol) In short, u might as well start with Grundy even if he makes 100points he’s not going down that much …………….from the foot fetish girl I’m very keen to start a midfield with Macrae, Dunkley, Cogs, Mitchell. I’m seeing this set up in a couple of other teams as well. They all share the round 14 bye. Is this a major red flag for starting all four? I’m very concerned about not having enough premium representation in that round. I have the same 4 from m1-m4 and am not concern If you can plan to win 2 of the byes then that is acceptable, getting 3 is perfect but not that important as long as you set up your team right…I personally plan to win 2 with hope on the third… What are people’s thoughts on Tom McDonald as a cheap fwd option. Is underpriced and fit. Can easily a 95 average and hit some big scores. read the news mate it might help. He got injured at training today so it’s a no for me B/ laird Williams Smith houston Roberton young C/ macrae danger Mitchell Fyfe Rowell Anderson Mc Henry pickett F/ Whitfield smith a brayshow pattton Greenwood rankine O’Brien jacobs there’s definitely a few POD’s in this team. I think my main concern is your mids. Danger has been spending more and more time up forward because of Geelongs stacked midfield. It worked for them last year and I don’t see it changing too much this year, even with Kelly gone. I think there is better value out there. Same goes with Fyfe. He’s an elite player, but doesn’t accumulate points like other mids. I’m also a little concerned about starting with 4 rookie mids on the field. I’d be trying to find cash to upgrade one of them. Is it worth paying up for Naismith and his potential cash flow at R3? big call SouvLarkey, I guess it depends where the rest of your cash is placed. If its a genuine cash cow u have to way up how much he will make. R3 always sux, from the foot fetish girl Thoughts on Job ceglar as fwd and back up for ruck. Hearing that he is the main ruck with macovy playing def and training full time def. Thoughts? Thoughts Please? Def- Houston, Doch, Doedee, Roberton, Young, Gould (McLennan, Goddard) Mid- Dunkley, Danger, Oliver, Coniglio, Mitchell, Rowell, Flanders, Picket, (McHenry, Bytel) Ruck- Grundy, ROB (Cameron) Fwd- Whitfeild, Devon, Greenwood, Rozee OR Bailey Smith, Townsend, Rankine ( King, Cavarra) (Smith) 0K Left Thoughts or advice plz Sicdawg, doch, Houston, Robertson, young, ash (rivers, gould) Dunks, macrae, danger, titch, cogs, rowell, Anderson, Pickett (mchenry, dev robertson) Grundy, naismith ( t.de koning) Whitfield, heeney, steven, mking, rankine, Flanders (Townsend, brander) Uti- dyl Stephens 60k left Cheers What did you do with the money from R2? I would expect bang for your buck if you were taking that risk. He potentially has 6 of the top 8 Roys current rolling 22 come year end in his mids, saving 6 trades and also giving him fire power, thats where his cash went You cant count Euman its 5 of the top 8 with 2 high priced mid rookies Too many forward rooks on the ground, they are poor scorers. im the same as andyjh, seems like your team is the same as others but with more risk dyl stephens is a good pick and if he is named, best to have him as your M7/M8. I bet you’ve had to get Naismith so you can spend a bit more $$$ on the rooks. Most of the teams will have to re-adjust when they realize that not many $170k rooks are named come Rd 1. So you’re ahead than most. My only thoughts is to adjust your fwd line. I currently don’t see value in having Heeney (may spend some time in fwd line if Franklin is out) and Steven (who knows what’s his role going to be – could be in the fwd line) to start with. night peeps from the foot fetish girl. MMMMMMMM my feet in peanut butter Crunchy or smooth !!! I like it chunky and spunky. From a female fan from the other side. hello baboshka, for me chunky , but it doen’t matter i’d put my feet in anything. What have u put ur feet in girl anything nice to get licked off your feet from the foot fetish girl r u a female fan of football baboshka or r u a female fan of having ur feet slimed from the foot fetish girl chunky and spunky lol. u like your feet covered with peanut butter baboshka??? theres a few girls here who love slime between their toes lol. emily’s trying to convince me to put my feet in a bucket of snails, what do u think girl?? Thoughts on Job ceglar as fwd and back up for ruck. Hearing that he is the main ruck with macovy playing def and training full time def. Thoughts?. ive never heard of a job called ceglar, and I’m not sure what a macovy is or who that is so I can’t help you there. Mabye your getting this site mixed up with synchronised disabled swimming fantasy. But good luck to you homie. From the girl who likes to fillet her fish with her feet and stamp on prunes for my cleansing drink. Special shout out to my peeps out there all my fantasy cintas hey cindy ur back put ur feet in jelly or jam doughnuts yet. have u ever watched killer kareoke: walk of fear, if u havnt watch it, tell me what u think. there was an aussie chick who did it on a radio station to win prizes, she was a machine, bare feet in fish guts and thought nothing of it. from the foot fetish girl Best combo 1. Dusty and deven Smith or 2. Whitfield and Sicily? tough call, #1 maybe only if u think Whitfield will come down in price, but a huge risk. U might not have enough cash to get to him. And I think Dusty will drop and Whits has a bigger ceiling. So I’d go #2, safer option. from the foot fetish girl Thoughts on Jon ceglar as fwd and back up for ruck. Hearing that he is the main ruck with ben macovy playing def and training full time def. Thoughts? not sure, think there r better options out there, and Patton will prob pinch hit in the ruck now and again. If it’s anything like the Sicily experiment , then I would stay clear lol. from the foot fetish girl If i was taking a mid price ruck Ceglar would be my choice over guys like Jacobs & NicNat. His finish to the year was 81,102,103 With the 2 100’s coming from him Rucking solo. Will be number 1 ruck this year. wow didn’t know those score andyjh, , uve just made me eat my words lol. don’t know if I could go with him still. from the foot fetish girl NicNat is 90K cheaper. Ceglar not guaranteed to be No. 1 ruck for the whole season. Yeah but put ceglar as a fwd as back up if one of the 2 rucks go down. as a mid pricer in backline – pick 1 tom doedee connor blakely hunter clark I do like Clark, but doedee has some uprside, depends on how much u want to spend. Safe if Clark obviously other 2 our coming off injury interrupted season from the foot fetish girl What about certain? Break Out year possibly??? Cerra even – fkn autocorrect Dream Team League All Welcome. Code 624681. About 10 spots left.? Current Team. DEF: Smith Sicily Houstan Cerra Doedee Young (Rook Rook) Mid Macrae Dunkley Treleor Mitchell MCrouch Rowell Stephens Pickett (3 Rooks) Grundy Obrein (loophole) FWD Dusty Ebert Greenwood Townsend Bonar Hill ( Rook Rook) Who’s IN……….Who gets the chop.? Out – Cerra, Doedee In – ~600k Def and ~250k Def (reason – less trades, cash generation from rooks) Not convinced with Greenwood and Bonar – but they are a Marsh series watch Depending on your remaining $$ – make sure there’s enough money left in case not many $170k rooks are named in Rd 1 Hey guys, pretty much sold on this team and likely to stick with it for round 1. Would love some thoughts on it. Def: B.smith, Houston, docherty, Roberton, young, starcevich Mid: macrae, gaff, coniglio, Rockliff, Mitchell, Rowell, Anderson, Pickett Ruck: Grundy, O’Brien Fwd: Whitfield, Dusty, Greenwood, C. Jones, georgiades, rankine AFL Fantasy Team DEF Houstan Doch Cerra Watts Doedee Roberton (2 Rooks) MID Dunkley MCrouch Telly Adams Mitchell Hanners Rowell Pickett (2 Rook) RUCK: Grundy Jacobs (Naismith) FWD: Ebert Greenwood T Lynch Bonar Jones Townsend (2 rooks) DDP Rook. Who’s IN……Who would you chop. Ebert F1? Good Luck in 2021 Yeesh… too many mid pricers mate. 1 or 2 is alright because you can fix them easily but that team could potentially get you a 1700 week one. I would strengthen your side with a couple of guns. What is everyone’s thoughts on Brander (Eagles), so much talk about him training on the wing… Is he worth the punt??? Solid bench option if named round 1. Good Luck 2020 AFL Fantasy – Pre-Marsh team. Thoughts? D: Houston Doherty Roberton Ash Young Brander (Starcevich Goddard) M: Kelly Macrae Coniglio Steele Titch Hannebery Rowell Pickett (McHenry Collier-Dawkins) R: Grundy Sauce (Naismith) F: Whitfield Steven Ebert Jones Georgiades (Rankine Sproule) U: Bytel any thoughts? would love it lads Defenders: Daniel, Houston, Docherty, Robertson, Young, Gould (Goddard, McLennan) Midfielders: Macrae, Dunkley, Merrett, Mitchell, Gibbs, Rowell, Rivers, Pickett (Bytel, McHenry, Valante) Rucks: Grundy, ROB (Draper) Forwards: Whitfield, Dusty, Smith, Jones, Cavarra, Rankine (Cameron, King) Would love your thoughts on this structure of going light in the FWD line given there aren’t any premiums I actually want. DEF: Daniel, Houston, Docherty, Roberton, Ash, Young (Starcevich, McLennan) MID: Macrae, Treloar, Bontempelli, Coniglio, Mitchell, Rowell, Serong, Pickett (Mead, Warner) RUC: Grundy, Gawn (Draper) FWD: Whitfield, Dawson, Jones, Townsend, Georgiades, Mahony (Rankine, King) UTL: McHenry. $17,000 left in the bank. Def: Lloyd, Doc, Houston, Roberton, Young, McLennan (Goddard, Gould) Mid: Macrae, Taranto, Dunk, Gaff, Titch, Hannebery, Rowell, Pickett (bytel, McHenry, foot) Ruck: Grundy, Jacobs (Cameron) Fwd: Whitfield, Greenwood, Smith, Townsend, Cockatoo, Hill (rankine, m king) 65k left, thoughts? Jarryd Lyons anyone? 115 after his bye last year. No chance of a tag and huge ceiling. A huge POD but real Smokey for top 8 mid this year I feel count me as very interested, if the china game is cancelled he replaces ross for me wheres all my foot fetish girls gone cindy,, rebecca and baboshka let me know girls what ur putting ur feet in lol from the foot fetish girl Put them in a bucket of dog shit. I’ve stepped in cow manure, not sure on doggy do-do lol. Where r the girls gone :( from the foot fetish What will hugh Greenwood average this year boys? Thoughts on this team would be much appreciated? DEF: Dawson, Houston, Docherty, Roberton, Young, Gould, (Goddard, McLennan) MID: Dunkley, Dangerfield, Coniglio, Titch, Selwood, Acres, Rowell, Pickett, (Valente, Bytel) RUCK: Grundy, ROB, (Cameron) FWD: Whitfield, Ebert, Greenwood, Jones, Townsend, Brander, (Rankine, King) $20 remaining Hey mad fish a few POD’s in there and I like it! I’m just not sold on Selwood but someone will have to get the increased CBA’s with Kelly gone! Also not entirely sold on Acres what do you see his role and average being? Selwood is a wait and see to see what he does during the Marsh Series (if he plays). In regards to Acres, I’ve been a big fan of him for a while and had him during his purple patch in 2018 where he was scoring 90s. I think with a mid role at Fremantle he can keep a 90 average and push to 95, but I’ll also see his role during Marsh. It might be better just to go him to Stephens and sure up the other spots (eg Selwood to premo, Dawson to premo, etc). Thanks for the advice! I’m here emily , wonder if Baboshka coming back. I think she liked u or maybe liked u putting ur feet in peanut butter :) I just read the post u put up emily, what r the girls putting their feet in. ……..well with all the rain around it has brought out the snails,yep I did it emily I found 11 snails, put them in my gum boot then put my foot in it. So gross I cant believe I did it, but it was kinda nice. I think baboshka should do it, squish those snails baboshka wow rebecca that would have been fun, now u should fill your gum boots with mash potato. and u cant forget the gravy mmmmmmm mash potato squishing through ur toes from the foot fetish girl Hawk you’re a sad little bloke arent ya. You’re gunna need many, many years of therapy.. Many. I blame his uncle John and the Friday night sleep overs. Good Luck 2020 Do you want to be my uncle Johnny there big boy. Brings back memories doing the hokey pokey in a bucket full of creamed corn. Mmmmmmmmm U sound like me , but u don;t look like me, who r u really. emily. Like I said b4, there can b only 1 emily. But I do like the sound of my feet in a bucket of creamed corn mmmmmmmmm from the foot fetish girl where r u girls?? from the foot fetish girl thoughts on this team? Defenders: Daniel, Houston, Docherty, Robertson, Young, Starcevich (Goddard, McLennan) Midfielders: Macrae, Dunkley, Merrett, Cogs, Mitchell, Rowell, Rivers, Pickett (Bytel, McHenry, Valante) Rucks: Grundy, ROB (Draper) Forwards: Whitfield, Smith, Ebert, Jones, Cavarra, Rankine (Cameron, King) Really want to bring in Houston at D4 but it has to be at the expense of Dawson at F3.. 1. Houston + FWD rook (stacked DEF but light FWD) 2. Dawson + DEF rook (better spread across both lines) why not change a mid for Houston and then keep Dawson… Keep the player you think will score more. Josh J Kennedy F4 & Callum Ah Chee M6 Or Toby McLean F4 & Kyle Dunkley M6 ??? No! Good Luck Neither. You should have a rook at F4 & upgrade another player. Hey guys what would your thoughts be here. 1) Lloyd D1, Danger M3 and a 170k at F6 or 2) Laird D1, Ward M5 and Brayshaw F4 Ward is injured. Good Luck where r my girl peeps any 1 want to join me bare feet in a bucket of bake beans. from the foot fetish girl baboshka i miss u, want to know about u having chunky peanut butter on your feet girl. or would u put your feet in a bucket of bake beans jelly mash potato snails worms mud or something else from the foot fetish girl lol emily, u really love ur feet and others slimed don’t u. I would love to take a bath in peanut butter or a jelly bath and who doesn’t love mud between their toes, actually i’m like u, anything on my feet and between my toes, mmmmmmmmmmmmmm yummy very yummmy i’d have your feet slimed with porridge then lick ur toes girl from the foot fetish girl then sarah i dare u to put ur feet in a bucket of snails or fish guts. if u like squishy between ur toes then snails u will like. and yes a peanut butter bath would b awesome i love it on my feet and in between my toes DEF: Houston, Docherty, Doedee, Roberton, Young, Starcevich (McLennan, Goddard) MID: Macrae, Dunkley, Coniglio, Titchell, Jelwood, Ward, Rowell, Pickett (McHenry, Bytel) RUC: Grundy, Jacobs (Cameron) FWD: Whitfield, Smith, Greenwood, Brayshaw, Bewley, Rankine (King, Cavarra) UTL: Sturt Thoughts on this lineup heading into the Marsh? Few punts that I am hoping will become more “safe” Ward and Jelwood looking unlikely for round 1, trade em out Source on that? Sure I’ve read over the last couple weeks both should be good to go R1. Ward is out for the first month an article about it was posted 2 hours ago on the AFL site Jelwood has been an awesome player but people thinking he just had an off season last year might be being optimistic. He has trashed his body his entire career being an awesome player. I have a feeling he will be lucky to play 18 games this year and will not be surprised if his average is much the same as last years. Hope he proves me wrong but I reckon he is half cooked. Its sad to see the demise of Jelwood. I remember his rookie year, im pretty sure he cost $70k & he was the greatest rookie we had seen at that stage.. now his career is just about done. Best combo 1. Jack Steven, Jacob Dawson, Stephen hill and Rankin Or 2. Dusty, Stephen hill, Patton and townsend? 1 or 2. I like 1 I think I have my team, and I’ve got Titch at M6 but all waiting for those impressive rookies to show what they’ve got. The foot fetish girl AFL Fantasy League XSVDDN53 Spartans is now Full. Thanks for joining, all the best. David. 1. Dusty, cockatoo and townsend or 2. Jack steven, Stephen hill and Rankin? 2 for me, not even sure cockatoo and Townsend will be best 22 2, Cockatoo is injured and Townsend won’t play. 1 DEF: Houston, Clark, doc, Roberton, ash, young (McLennan, starcevich) MID: macrae, Treloar, Oliver, Fyfe, titch, Rowell, serong, Pickett (McHenry, Warner) RUCK: Grundy, ROB (Cameron) FWD: Whitfield, dusty, Brayshaw, Townsend, flanders, Rankine (Ross, king) UTL: Sturt 4k left in the bank Be ruthless lads, bare in mind I’m running Whitfield in the middle for more flexibility in the fwd line that is staved of rookie options… Or should I go Whitfield to Gibbs and Dawson to Whitfield??? Def: J.Lloyd, D.Houston, S.Docherty, D.Roberton, H.Young, W.Gould (H.Goddard, J.McLennan) Mid: L.Whitfield, J.Dunkley, C.Oliver, S.Coniglio, T.Mitchell, M.Rowell, C.Serong, M.Pickett (L.Valente, N.McHenry, J.Bytel) Ruc: B.Grundy, S.Lycett (D.Cameron) Fwd: D.Martin, D.Smith, J.Dawson, J.Townsend, N.Cockatoo, I.Rankine (M.King, B.Cavarra) Cockatoo injured and won’t play round 1, get him out Is he? Have only read about Danger pumping him up so far Get Whitfield in your forwards otherwise you don’t get the max value out of him. You can start players anywhere for flexibility. He can be moved to the forward line later on. Get rid of Lloyd, upgrade Oliver to Macrae and Lycett to sauce or ROB Bailey Smith? Wingard and Chayce Jones V Devon and Rankine? Devon and Rankine, I think a safer option to Wingard (consistent points) and Rankine maybe more of a cash cow Marsh watch lol from the foot fetish girl thoughts on Bonar for the roos. They have a few injuries, Zieb’s, know Brown, will def get game time and more of the ball, and a POD. from the foot fetish girl Down goes Ward. Back to the drawing board. I’m just wondering if anyone else is considering not starting Whitfield but using him as an upgrade target. He is 844 g’s and surely he will drop down in price. There are players out there capable of matching him this year and still 200k cheaper. I read today he has only just started joining the main group after his surgery and may not even start in the marsh series. Thoughts ? It allows me to strengthen up other lines and grab him when he drops. I think its all a Marsh series watch. Def a POD not starting with him. I think he has a break even of 113 to start of with, but I guess u could say the same about Grundy BE of 122, huge, but a pig is a pig. from the foot fetish girl I can’t see any other forward matching his output, or him dropping many $$$’s. If he is named round 1 then he is a must have. When he scores a 150 and the next best forward barely cracks a ton you will be spewing. Machine is a gift to be named as a forward and should almost be first picked. * Lachie – damn autocorrect Haha Machine.. i was about to ask where that nickname came from lol, better know then round 1 or 2, at least u can make other plans Pendles from the foot fetish girl wheres rebecca lately , put your feet in anything gross, step on those snails girl. Thoughts on the team at the moment? Pretty happy with everything so far. DEF: Lloyd, Houston, Docherty, Roberton, Gould, Starcevich (Goddard, McClennan) MID: Macrae, Dunkley, Cogs, Titch, Jelwood, Rowell, Anderson, Picket (Mchenry, Bytel) RCK: Grundy, Gawn (Cameron) FWD: Whitfield, Dusty, Brayshaw, Townsend, Flanders, Rankine (Cavarra, King) UTL: Trent Bianco Any criticism is appreciated Don’t like Jelwood. See above comments I don’t like, Lloyd (better, cheaper options), Gawn (so much value elsewhere) and Jelwood. You should try get Young into that backline Heya guys would love some feedback on this one and also to people who haven’t finished their team feel free to use mine as help if you like it, so here we go guys and girls!! Back: J.Lloyd, S.Docherty, D.Roberton, D.Houston, H.Young, B.Starcevich ( Goddard, McLennan ) Midfield: J.Macrae, M.Crouch, J.Lyons, T.Mitchell, D.Hanneberry, M.Rowell, N.Mchenry, M.Pickett ( Bytel, valence ) Ruck: B.Grundy, S.Jacobs ( Cameron ) Forward: D.Martin, L.Whitfield, H.Greenwood, A.Brayshaw, J.Townsend, M.King ( rankine, Cavarra ) There you have it people, have a go at this one please and thanks and best of luck 2020 everybody Like the Lyons pod. Rather a rookie like jones over greenwood or Brayshaw. Use the extra coin to upgrade hanners in the mid Lloyd is overpriced, Hanners is to risky and a little light in the midfield in y opinion, otherwise looks good Thoughts on Cockatoo/Ward replacements? Anyone looking at downgrading Ward to a rookie (I.e. Dylan Stephens) leaving 4 rookies on field in the mids and than going Cockatoo up to Andrew Brayshaw? Midfield is the one part of the ground there are a plethora of rookie options; would rather field a rookie in Mid > rookie Forward. Gibbs is a better option than ward and Selwood in my opinion. Reckon he’ll bounce back to his 2018 form. Chance of picking up DPP with him in the back lines. Could be a top 6 defender by seasons end. Gotta risk it to get the biscuit M8, I don’t think Cockatoo was going to stay in the best 22, so prob a good thing he’s injured, Marsh series watch I think, FWD’s as we all know is the hardest at the moment, I’m going with Bonar think he will get some game time as a few injuries at NTH at the moment. from the foot fetish girl With all this foot talk emily. You are starting to give me a BONAR xx lol squid, xxx nice seg way. so r u going to have him in your team. I love my feet in stuff squidy :) from the foot fetish girl what do u want my feet in squid?? from the foot fetish girl mmmmmmmm, peanut butter :) or mash potato (Homer Simpson drool) jelly and jam donuts or old fashion wine making grape busting.. slobber, smack, dribble mmmmmmmm Mabee put them in a bathtub full of acid or a tree shredder Thoughts please. Daniel, Houston, Docherty, Roberton, Young, Gould (Starcevich, McLennan) Macrae, Treloar, Gaff, Mitchell, Florent, Rowell, Maginess, Pickett (McHenry, Bytel) Grundy, ROB (Cameron) Whitfield, Smith, Greenwood, Jones, Townsend, Flanders (King, Rankine) UTL Valente. Dunkley over Treloar for me, interesting choice in Daniel… Love some of your picks anth. Daniel, Treloar & Gaff are all under appreciated this year. My fav is Florent, he is primed for a breakout. Thoughts on the weaker midfield and paying up for rookies which should have better JS/cash making potential? Still leaves 10-12 keepers. DEF: Lloyd, Houston, Docherty, Roberton, Young, Gould (Starcevich, McLennan) MID: Macrae, Treloar, Coniglio, Mitchell, Rowell, Stephens, Anderson, Pickett (Serong, McHenry) RUC: Grundy, Lycett (Draper) FWD: Whitfield, Smith, Ebert, Bonar, Townsend, Bergman (Georgiades, Rankine) UTL: Mead $25,000 left. Solid side tkelz, at least you’ve picked rookies who are a chance to play early except maybe for Mclennan. Better value than Lloyd in the backline and Smith, Ebert in the forwards. With Ward guaranteed not to be playing the opening couple of rounds, who’s the next best mid priced mid? Gibbs Atm I have Def: Crisp, johannison, Robertson, Ash, Young, Docherty (liming, starcevich) MId: Picket, Rowell, Anderson, Mitchell, Macrae, Fyfe, Walsh, Yeo (Maginness, McHenry) Ruck: Grundy, Jacobs (meek) Fed: Patton, Walters, Dusty, Tom Lynch (adel), Weightman, Rankine (Sturt, King) Utl: D. Stephens cindy hey how u goin, u want ur feet in jelly jam doughnuts, what have u put ur feet in girl? foot fetish girl at least ward has gone down early and not in round 1 or 2, didn’t have him my team anyway but for those who did keep working your team I guess. Hey emily and cindy (jelly jam doughnuts) interesting :) bullant, acid or the shredder would hurt :( No shit LOL, bullant9, u crack me up straight to the point bullant9, have you ever jumped up and down to the tune of JUMP by the pointer sisters in a brazen bull. Perhaps you would join me in a multiplayer fart smelling machine No and no. Johannison to Houston, very interesting team otherwise… Post Moreira’s Magic guide (and probably final update before marsh) DEF: Crisp, Houston, Docherty, Roberton, Young, Gould (Goddard, Ling) MID: Dunkley, Oliver, Coniglio, Ross, Mitchell, Rowell, Robertson, Pickett (Colleyer-Dawkins, Mchenry) RUCK: Grundy, O’Brien (Cameron) FWD: Whitfield, Wingard, Greenwood, Jones, Townsend, Flanders (King, Rankine) UTL: Bytel Remaining 77k Still not 100% on the forward line but not sold on any premiums aside from Whitfield, can definitely recommend getting on board with the guide. Def: Laird, Houston, Docherty, Roberton, Starcevich, Young (Mclennan, Goddard) Mid: Macrae, Merrett, Crouch, Cogniglio, Kelly, Mitcheel, Rowell, Anderson (McHenry, Pickett) Ruck: Grundy, Jackson (Draper) Fwd: Whitfield, Dawson, Hill, Cockatoo, Townsend, Rankine (King, Cavarra) Utl: Bytel Cockatoo apparently injured. Move starcvich to the mid for Anderson, bring in Gould and upgrade cockatoo maybe Get rid of Jackson Def: Lloyd, Houston, Docherty, Roberton, Young, Gould Mid: Taranto, Dunkley, Merrett, Neale, Mitchell, Rowell, Anderson, Pickett Ruck: Grundy, Lycett Fwd: Whitfield, Lipinski, Whitfield, Cockatoo, Flanders, Rankine how nice it would be to have another Whitfield on the ground, Moenlo, is there a twin I dont know about lol hopefully he’s a rookie at $170k who pumps out 150’s lol from the foot fetish girl Should say wingard lol Hey guys, just looking for a bit of positive or negative feedback on how my side is looking, would be very much appreciated. Def- sicily, Houston, Clark, doc, Roberton, young, mclennon, ling Mid- mcrae, Adams, Ross, Mitchell, brayshaw, Rowell, picket, mchendry, bytel, valente Ruc- grundy, jacobs Fwd- Whitfield, rozee, acres, simpkin, blakey, Jones, rankine, cahill Ruc emergency is Cameron, utility is starcevich very different team Drunk Noob, I think u have a few unknowns, eg what they will do Adams, Jacobs , Acres, Simpkin. Nice POD’s but is there to many. I like Clark in Def someone I’m keeping an eye on. Go with ur gut and the Marsh series. from the foot fetish girl :) Thank you for the advice Emily, I’ve made a few changes to make it less podish lol, I’m a lot happier with my team now. Cheers thats ok Drunk Noob, I may talk a lot of crap on here but I really do love my footy, and I’m still learning this very frustrating game. at the end of the day thats all that matters, U go into round 1 wanting to take this team into the 2020 season and r happy with it. from the foot fetish girl :) Ya got one thing right . cindy your a crack up, u actually made me lol. Cindy would u put ur feet in a bucket of snails whilst having bake beans poured over your head whilst licking Delta Goodrems feet the last weekend b4 we get to c what are players r going to do for us, bring on the footy from the foot fetish girl. Dawson or gibbs? Dawson, better to take a risk on a guy with valuable dpp then someone who is only really relevant because of potential dpp DEF: Houli,Smith, Houston, Docherty, Roberton, Young, (Scholl, McLennan) MID: Macrae, Coniglio, Mitchell, Hannebury, Narkle, Rowell, Maginness, Pickett (Collier Dawkins, McHenry) RUC: Grundy, Jacobs (Cameron) FWD: Whitfield, Greene, Heeney, Townsend, Bergman, Rankine (McAdam,Sturt) UTL: Starcevich $54,000 left. Feel like I am 1 premium short in the mids but got the backline stacked well. Should replace Smith and upgrade Narkle? Last 3 years the winner of Fantasy has only started a max of 2 Rookies in the Midfield, Your structure needs to be looked at… Good Luck in 2020™®© Would love thoughts on this team with a few PODs? DEF: Crisp, Houston, Doch, Roberton, Young, Gould, (Goddard, McLennan) MID: Treloar, Dunkley, Dangerfield, Coniglio, Titch, Rowell, Stephens, Pickett, (McHenry, Valente) RUCK: Grundy, ROB FWD: Whitfield, Ebert, Acres, Jones, Townsend, Rankine, (King, Cavarra) UTILITY: Starcevich The only non rookie option I’m not convinced with is Ebert. Port look like they are going to run with a few rookies like they did last year. Giorgiades, Williams, Mead and Bergmann all a chance early. Defensive rooks are hard to find, Goddard and Mclennan won’t play so may have to rethink there. what do we think about jack riewoldt or tom lynch as mid priced forwards this year? Priced at 59 and 62 respectively surely they will be 10-15 points better then that this season. There isn’t many fwd mid pricers im keen on and i think it could be worth taking a punt on a few cheaper key position players. i think josh kennedy (eagles), lynch and riewoldt could be great PODS to start off the season. def a POD, there the players u would love in your team, as u are just waiting for them to go bang. Lynch is prob the one for me. A preseason under his belt, a premiership and a year at the Tigers already. He will b better but is a key FWD or DEF a fit for this game anymore. There all great if there kicking goals but if there not there just a book end. I want one of these players in my team but just dont know if I can pull the trigger on it. Prob haven’t helped at all Josh lol from the foot fetish girl danger or cripps danger may get FWD status. from the foot fetish girl best mid priced mid with Ward gone? J. Selwood if fit Mike or maybe Tom Cutler $496k, new team maybe a new start Dream Team League 898119. 10 Teams starts R2. Play each other Twice. Finals Top8. Join Up Thanks. would a girl with a foot fetish be able to join your league dave Of course sweet cheeks, jump aboard and see if you land on the correct gear stick haha. sweet cheeks Hehehehe what about sweet feet lol Just joined mate as OleBunchofGrunts I want to join bullant09 all girls fantasy league I’m sure she is new and inexperienced in fantasy. I’m sure he also fantasises being in a all girl foot modelling competition full of giggles and teehees above isn’t my comment, there can only b 1 emily lol Stay off the drugs , and pull your fu,kin head in Sounds like the little nancy boy girly pubes has got her knickers in a knot. I reckon bullant09 is a ballet dancer. I can imagine him being a ditchy drinking export in his undies dancing around like Russell Coight. Always new you we’re a tranny hawk, haha Thoughts please (Don’t hold back) Def: Laird, Docherty, Houston, Roberton, Young, Rivers (McLennan, Goddard) Mid: Macrae, Dunkley, Coniglio, Dangerfield, Mitchell, Rowell, Flanders, Pickett (McHenry, Bytel) Ruck: Grundy, ROB (Cameron) Fwd: Whitfield, Greenwood, Brayshaw, Patton, Townsend, Rankine (King, Cavarra) Utility: Valente 1k left the main problem I see is very little PODs. Please give your thoughts on this team:- DEF: Smith, Houston, Docherty, Roberton, Young, Gould (Starcevich, McLennan) MID: Macrae, Treloar, Coniglio, Mitchell, Gibbs, Rowell, Stephens, Pickett (Mead, McHenry) RUC: Grundy, Lycett (Meek) FWD: Whitfield, Smith, Ebert, Bonar, Townsend, Georgiades (Rankine, Ballenden) UTL: Bytel $2,000 left in the bank. Cheers. Would love any useful info DEF – laird,docherty,roberton,watts,Gould,starcevich (mclennan Goddard) MID – danger, Oliver, Walsh, coniglio, Mitchell, ward, Rowell, Pickett (McHenry,bytel) RUC – Grundy, O’Brien (Darcy Cameron) FWD – Whitfield, Walters, Martin, Townsend, king, ranking (hosie, mosquitoe) Utility – McAdam $7000 remaining and rookies will change depending on wether they are playing or not RD 1 Good backline, watts a interesting PoD since Houston be in the centre this year. Mids not sure on Walsh but he seems to have built his tank and looks much fitter and will step it up when they pay attention to Cripps. Ward is out for a month at the start of the season (you need to pay attention and read a bit before selecting players in future). Rucks vanilla but I’m choosing English for a breakout this year. Forwards to many rooks, I don’t have any basements on my starting field you just need to do your research a bit better before throwing a team up like this. Back to the drawing board in my opinion for your your team. Good team. All rookies on bench are questionable if they’ll start R1, apart from Watts and Ward this is a good team. Could go Ward to a N Anderson and use cash to get some better rookies It’s an ok but it’s not a great team to start with but I would make changes along all lines instead of rucks. It’s a shame CR didn’t actually give much professional or experienced help as he probably dosent know what he’s doing either. But just marsh series to get a better understanding of how these players will go about it. Thoughts?? Def- Houston, Doch, Doedee, Roberton, Young, Gould (McLennan, Goddard) Mid- Dunkley, Danger, Oliver, Coniglio, Mitchell, Rowell, Flanders, Picket, (McHenry, Bytel) Ruck- Grundy, ROB (Cameron) Fwd- Whitfeild, Devon, Greenwood, Rozee OR Bailey Smith, Townsend, Rankine ( King, Cavarra) (Smith) What are peoples thoughts on Nathan Jones? DEF/Mid status 540k. Better options around that price (docherty, houston, clark) should get a bump but id look elsewhere A bit like yourself The Rice hes got no chance! Good Luck in 2020™®© Good Luck 2020™®© i am Menegola™®© Its a No from me. Good Luck 2020™®© My team looks like ‘”the most selected” easier than typing it out I suppose… By all means pick a team that looks more like everybody elses than anybody elses Yeah, Ill go with the most un-selected, and see how that goes ;) yeah i have 25 of them. I remembered Moira (2 time winner) said though its not really the starting team its your trades that win it (starting team helps a little but) I’ve got Menegola in my squad. Heard he is back to an inside mid role this year looking at 110 average this year. Let’s hope Yeah i like him good luck i hope he comes through for you. Def: Laird, Houston, Docherty, Robertson, Gould, Young (Rivers, Starcevich) Mid: Dunkley, Macrae, Coniglio, T Mitchell, Gibbs, N Anderson, M Rowell, M Pickett (N Mchenry, D Stephens) Ruck: ROB, S Jacobs (Cameron) Fwd: Whitfield, D Martin, Greenwood, Jones, Townsend, Bewley (Rankine, King) Utility: Cockatoo Mid price value on offer Basically Grundy and 170k VS rob and Bewley. So that’s 120+55 VS 105+70 in my books Not bad lets analyse, with the first number being premo or potential rolling 22 come year end. Second nubmer is mid pricer, third is rookie and ignores the bench DEF – 1/3/2 tough call as as both Doc and Houston could be rolling 22 i have counted them both as mid priced however as below the premo price – all goes well you only need to upgrade 3 players to get top 6 defenders. MID – 3/2/3 again that said ive counted Mitchell as a mid pricer, all goes to plan you have 4 keepers so only need 4. Ruck – 1/1/0 – Im counting ROB as premo given price and should be in top 3. so you only need to upgrade Jacobs – how much cash you got? thats only concern if Jacobs fails or dies you dont have enough for upgrade, but you have saved cash to go elsewhere. FWD – 2/3/1 – Im counting Bewley as mid price and jacobs rookie. Very speculative line, and if all fire your the winner. The 3 mids should all at least make their B/e so no real risk there, its just potential lack of cash generation if they cont all do what they are supposed to. Sure early season you will score well but after round 8-9 when others have generated the cash they need from the rookies they may pull away unless theses 3 all smash it out of the park. All in all i kinda like it First team of the year, thoughts would be Appreciated… cheers DEF: Laird, Houston, Doch, Roberton, Young, Gould MID: Macrae, Taranto, Cogs, Titch, Ward, Rowell, Anderson Pickett RUC: Grundy, Naitanui FWD: Whitfield, Dusty, Brayshaw, Kennedy, Cockatoo, Rankine Hi Matt. Defence is pretty much as per the popular picks – strong. Mids – the same, except for Taranto, but he should be ok. Rucks – NicNat is tempting, and I had him in my team, but he is a big risk. He scores at a good rate when he is on the park, but because of his history I think that they will rest him a lot (possibly even having a week off here and there). They may work him up to a larger load in the lead up to the finals. As for your forwards, Kennedy is another one for Weagles supporters only; I wouldn’t risk it. The rest are good to go. Nice one Matt you should post your cash$ too helps discuss options Def – agree with old mate is standard and about best combo you can go with. MID – 3/2/3 but really 4/1/3 as Titch if back to best is premo. No issues any of these guys had Tranto myself for awhile and will be top 8. Ward concerns me i had him but after reading DODT i chucked him, but i see the value in him cant lose. RUC – agree comments Pendles for brwonlo – i cant do Nic Nat hes made of glass and frankly even if fit i think hes good for 80-85 at best not really massive but guess holds you spot for a later upgrade and you structure depends on him. FWDS – you have spent up a bit here with your mid prices and hence why you need Nic Nat at a cheaper price to be able to afford. Depending on cash i would consider one of these to rookie and upgrade Nic Nat but is only IMO and to be frank i have never won the car. Love the Kennedy pick apparently hes having great preseason and now darling has gone down, i dont have him but he intrigues me as a pick interesting. Yeah cheers boys, I have 274k remaining… i would like to use it all before the season starts. As for the NicNat pick, I feel he’s far to cheap, had an average of 72 from his 3 home and away season games and a score of 77 and 96 in the two finals. All of which were from roughly 55% TOG… one can only expect that to be upped. For 471k… I can’t resist. As for the JJK pick, first full pre-season in 2-3 years, at 401k he’s an absolute bargain imo Bit of a different looking team… Docherty, Houston, Birch, Robbo, Young, 170ker Macrae, Dunkley, Pendles, Cogs, Titch, Hanners, Rowell, Serong Grundy, ROB D. Smith, Ebert, B. Smith, Bewley, Townsend, McAdam Atm Im not sure if there will be a 170k Def playing round 1 worthy of a spot on the field so I’ll probably have to cut a mid to fix that up, but we will see. Obviously no Whitfield but I reckon it should be easy enough to swap Hanners for him a few weeks into the season. 170k benchies. Not too bad, but I am not as confident in Hanners bouncing any higher this year – buyer beware. I prefer Ward’s chances. First Attempt DEF: Houston, Clark, Docherty, Witherden, Roberton, Young MID: Cogs, Cripps, Mitchell, Brayshaw, Gibbs, Selwood, Rowell, Anderson RUC: Grundy, Lycett FWD: Whitfield, Ebert, Brayshaw, Townsend, Cockatoo, Rankine Thoughts appreciated thanks lads! DEF: Sicily, Docherrty, Houston, Doedee, Roberton, Young MID: Macrae, Dunkley, Titch, Lyons, Ward, Rowel, Rivers, Pickett RUC: Grundy, O’Brien FWD: Whit, Smith, Brayshaw, Jones, Townsend, Cockatoo Thinking of maybe getting blakely or putting smith down to an ebert/greenwood for $$$ Williams, Docherty, Dawson, Doedee, Roberton, Young, Starcevich, Gould Fyfe, Neale, Dunkley, Prestia, Rowell, Pickett, Robertson, McHenry, Bytel, ESmith Grundy, Gawn, Cameron Whitfield, Dusty, Steven, Cockatoo, Rankine, King, Cahill, Bonar Rivers Considering taking Dusty out and putting Dawson in Fwd and putting Houston in Def. Cockatoo + Houli Or 170k FWD (F5) + Lloyd Or should I downgrade Stephens (M7) to upgrade Houli -> Lloyd Who’s everyone’s D1 and why? Mine is Houli because of his starting run at MCG 8 out of first 12 games there. Cons: only average above 94 once (last year) Currently Laird but Lloyd has been in and out of my side. Both reliable scorers and should push 100+ Love it mines D1 but Houli sat there for over a month but then talked myself out of it. He may come back i think if cash permits. I just saw more $ value hopefully in Laird. Below is my Houli v Laird analysis i did a while back $ Games AVG first half Second half Last 5 houli $766,000 23 102.32 110.38 97.92 102.80 laird $719,000 23 88.22 98.09 95.73 99.40 Now in regards to Houli the last 5 includes the finals as i thought a games a game so why not. This 5 round average includes a 48 v Lions at the Gabba, i was at that game and not sure why its so low. Take it out and his last 4 round average is 116 [dam i think just talked myself back into him lol] POD Oh and thinking about it, in an article of DODT on Gibbs they felt if he plays off half back this may ‘cap’ Lairds scores [dam another reason to swap back to Houli] Houlis age scares me but guess Simmo was a premo for many years as an old man racking up +6’s all day. Rance not back for Tigers so no real change to backline and i dont see any change to Tigers game plan so his role will remain – dam trade player Laird back t Houli WAIT for preseason games…..suspicion a role change is coming lairds way. To what do you think? i reckon he’ll play a very fantasy friendly wing Thoughts on Birchall and Stephen hill both prices at 420k. Will birch be best 22 for Brisbane and if so think they both can avg 80s I don’t like Birch’s age or the amount of games he has managed per season. He has a degenerative knee condition. That shit doesn’t get better. Hill has had quad issues. If he has finally gotten that right, look out. He will probably be running around like a man 3 years his junior. You make a gr8 point Alan I like Birch but can’t pick him as he has missed to many games through injury and Hill may benefit out of the departures at Freo. Both have horrible injury history. Too risky for me Birch will be best 22 if fit. But he’s not fit, don’t expect to see him until maybe round 5/6. Hill should be a lock for RDT/SC only. Very awkwardly priced for AF. no on both for me in fantasy same reasons as Alan below (or above is it?). Hill however in RDT he is $245,100 and in SC he is $190,600 so heavily discounted and worth considering if fit (big if) Hill at 420K is to much. Birchall not even on the radar. I like Hill this year if fit. Potential to be top 8 back or forward if he can find his old form also that D/F status is nice if rocking dawson too. Worst case is he holds his price baring any 1st 1/4 injury Seems I am thinking differently to everybody else. With so much value in the ruck department surely Grundy is an upgrade and not a starter. It isn’t like his price is going to go up exponentially. I get not wanting to miss out on his scores but couldn’t the missed scores be made up by spending the saved cash on the midfield? When he scores 150 against English in round 1 you’re going to be spewing! I hear what you are saying but i doubt he will loose too much cash throughout the year which will make it very hard to upgrade to him. I made the mistake last year & started with Lycett. It was sooo hard to upgrade him. Name a more reliable captain option though Hi Alan, last night I went back and had a look at the Pies page on this sight and the boys make a good point about Grundy. it might be worth watching mate Learning should be an experience. I say go with your gut and start without Grundy. You won’t make the same mistake next year. Wait ……. What……..let me get my reading glasses…. yeap, i read it correctly. “Captain Grundy”. not a starter. Sometimes when we look at to many stats are judgment gets blurred. May i suggest you lock him in and stop overthinking it. Good Luck. I thought the same a season or 2 ago, I was very wrong, the only way you win is by pure luck if he has a slowish start for 2-3 games then does a season ending injury so you miss the carnage. Up to you but I assure you paying up for uber premos is pretty much required if you want to be successful in this game. Its like in the old days, You’d always start with Sandilands & Cox. You just have to do it, lock Grundy in & be happy. Thoughts Appreciated DEF: Houston, Milera, Docherty, Stack, Watts, Roberton MID: Cripps, Lyons, Titch, Lipinski, Berry, Seedsman, Rowell, Pickett RUCK: Grundy, Nic Nat FWD: Whitfield, Steven, Brayshaw, Bonar, Townsend, Rankine UTILITY: Cockatoo Thats a very unique team clubbers. Unfortunately i think you have gone for too many POD’s & i think you have a lot of 70’s & 80’s in that team.. Agree whole-heartedly Def: Sicily Docherty Houston Roberton young Gould Mid: troelor Dunkley cogs titch Gibbs Rowell bianco Pickett Grundy rob Whitfield dusty brayshaw acres Townsend and cockatoo Bench: 170k Utility starcevich 5k remaining AFL Fantasy League XSVDDN53 size 20 starts R1. Celebrity – Calvin,Roy,Warnie,The Traders and Fantasy Freako. Welcome to Join. David. Pick 1. Brodie Smith Blakely Jack steven Jack Martin Andrew brayshaw Greenwood Jack S Jack S or Brodie Smith greenwood or brayshaw. the cats will probably rest steven up foward for the start of the year. Def: Houli, Brodie Smith, Docherty, Roberton, young, Gould – McLennan, Scholl Mid: Macrae, cogs, titch Hanners, Ward, Narkle, Rowell, Pickett – Maginness, McHenry Grundy, Sauce- Cameron Whitfield, Greene, Heeney,Townsend, Cockatoo, Rankine- McAdam, Sturt Utility starcevich 50k remaining OK… I dont like the Houli pick much, too old for me and I’d rather Laird who is cheaper anyway. I would rather not have Hanners either too risky for mine, Heeneys a watch in the Marsh series, and I would drop Greene too, he should be playing forward again. danger or coniglio? or other for similar price.. Coniglio for me, both are in for big seasons imo. Backs: Docherty, Witherden, Jones, Robo, Young, Gould Mids: J Kelly, Treloar, Merrett, Titch, Adams/Dusty, Rowell, McHenry, Pickett Rucks: Grundy, O’Brien Frwds: Whitfield, Smith, Ebert, Ch Jones, Townsend, Rankine Will not add Bench Players as I still have no idea But I think this is virtually the team I’m sticking with. I would love to add McCrae and Dunkley in but I think it’s better to go J Kelly and Treloar as the top Mids Not sure about Mid 5 it’s either going to be Adams or Dusty as I like Adams but Dusty gives me that DPP Player witch may be better. McRae and Dunkley averaged 120 plus post bye so tell me again why it’s better to go with injury prone Kelly and boring ass Treloar Anyone thinking of starting both Macrae and Dunkley? Upside to both I reckon and I just can’t pick. “porque no los dos?” Yep, can’t quite fit both at the price and have my team look right, going Mccrae to start as he is a consistent seasoned gun whilst Dunks is really still a pup. I have both, and also cogs and danger and grundy and whitfield Love those 2 players mate but sometimes McCrae runs around with his botton lip dragging on ground and Dunkley I love but …… I got both in my team and Grundy too, no point not starting them in your team as they won’t decrease in value by much. If anything the bont will be the one to get tagged in that team. And both should average well over 115 Thoughts please $89K Remaining DEF: J.Crisp ,D.Houston, S.Docherty, D.Roberton, H.Young, T.Rivers (J.Mclennan, H.Goddard) MID: A.Treloar, J.Dunkley, P.Dangerfield, P.Cripps, T.Mitchell, M.Rowell, D.Robertson, M.Pickett (J.Bytel, N.McHenry) RUCK: B.Grundy, R.O’Brien (D.Cameron) FWD: L.Whitfield, D.Martin, A.Brayshaw, Townsend, S.Sturt, I.Rankine (B.Cavarra, M.King) UTL: B.Starcevich Why Treloar over Macrae, also I’m not sure about Sturt… Pick 1. Brodie Smith Blakely Jack steven Jack Martin Andrew brayshaw Greenwood. of this list the only player in my team currently is Brayshaw, – last 5 round 80.4 (he is priced at 69) – opportunities in mids at Freo – perfect breakout age – he is fit no issues like some of the others – same team so no transition issues IMO [at worst he should not lose any cash although most of your list shouldn’t either) I’ve chosen Bradshaw and Cerra both for that same reason euman I believe they will both strive under longmuir plan and breakout both in the guts. Promising signs from all the players believing this is true. Brayshaw feels like a trap to me, has not shown a real fantasy game yet. Jack Steven is my pick, easily most likely to be a top forward from that bunch, not likely but could even go #1 forward overall this year which you certainly can’t say about anyone else on that list. Yep , jack steven Warnie, Roy and Calvin in their early days at the start of this video-clip… (not quite – sorry – couldn’t help but see some resemblance….! But I think the song could easily be adapted to how Fantasy coaches go through a season….) on you tube joNzRzZhR2Y Sorry again….. hey all. thoughts please. Laird, Houston, Docherty, Roberton, Young, Gould (Starcevich, McLennon) Macrae, Trelaor, Gaff, Mitchell, Ward, Rowell, Maginess, Pickett (Bytel, McHenry) Grundy, Lycett (Cameron) Whitfield, Smith, Ebert, Bonar, Townsend, Flanders (King, Rankine) UTL Bianco I like Dunkley more than Treloar, and Jacobs and ROB should do better than Lycett Would love some feedback – Not too experienced so any tips would be great. I am worried I have gone for too many of the more expensive options. Bench is full of 170k placeholders My thought process is that by getting the better players in now I save myself having to upgrade to them later Def: Lloyd, Houston, Docherty, Roberton, Young, Gould Mid: Dunkley, Coniglio, Rockcliff, Mitchell, Selwood, Rowell, Bennell, Bytel Ruck: Grundy, Lycett Fwd: Whitfield, Martin, Walters, Patton, Cockatoo, King 56K left over, Bennell subject to change if not playing. Thanks! DEF – solid same as mine except i went Houli over Llyod as he seemed to drop off in later part of last year his role seemed to change so wary of full price that said i guess Houli is full price too. MID – Bennell i suspect is a place holder and if fit i agree so no issues. Solid dunks and cogs, Rocky is interesting with no Wines so i like that. Selwood agree with old mate hes injured but you can change to a ward pocket some cash or use some cash for Hannerbery or Gibbs all are similar hopes. RUCK – i like it Lycett is all the buz listening to traders pod cast. FWDs – Bit risky with that many mid priced players IMO, all should at least hold their value and not lose you money but will they all generate cash? I like this though is good team with some PODS as to if you have paid up for too many big names lets analyse based on keepers. First nubmer is premo based on price, second is mid pricer, third is rookie lets look at your structure is only IMO DEF – 1/3/2 now interesting i have named doc and houston as mid prices based on $, however both could be keepers, Roy does not list Houston as year end best 6 https://dreamteamtalk.com/2020/02/04/roys-rolling-22-pre-season-ii/ so its really 2/2/2 so 4 upgrades MID 3/2/3 im counting Titch as mid priced, roys 22 counts him as top 8 but not rocky and i actually counted rocky as premo priced as hes not mid, so really you have 2 keeprs with 6 upgrades required but you are backing the rock to get back to his best i get it RUCK 1/1/0 solid with only one potential upgrade FWD – 2/3/1 now roy lists Walters as top 6 so you have 3 keepers here so 3 upgrades overall 14 upgrades required to be top 22 players hope that helps Solid, decent structure, the only player you have who I would rule out for my team is Patton but even he makes some sense as cover if you also have DPP on your ruck bench. Seems to me your lack of experience won’t stop you doing well. Great insight from everyone. Thanks for the help! I prefer Laird over Lloyd, which should get you enough to upgrade Lycett to ROB (Reilly O’Brien), I prefer Ward over Selwood. Selwood still has injury to overcome. And the General, his role during the pre season will give you better understanding if he is value or not. Good Luck Lads, lads, lads. How are we? Keen to see some Zooper Dooper’s next week! Can I grab a few thoughts on my team? I feel like I have a good balance of POD and vanilla but love some alternative views! Remaining: 39k DEF: Laird, Houston, Doc, Roberton, Young, Gould (Starcevich, McLennan) MID: Dunkley, Fyfe, Cripps, Adams, Titch, Rowell, Stephens, Pickett (McHenry, Collier-Dawkins) RUC: Grundy, ROB (Draper) FWD: Whit, D. Smith, Brayshaw, Bonar, Townsend, Sturt (Rankine, King) UTL: McInerney Cheers Fellas, bring on 2020 Not sure about Adams, noticed no Ward/Selwood/Gibbs I’d go Adams to one of them, then Fyfe to Macrae. Soooooo have noticed everyone seems to be off Gawn, why is this? He should be fine for r1 according to various articles and is easily still the second best ruck option, maybe the second best ever behind Grundy who is a complete freak. Ive still got the Grundy Gawn combo and sought value elsewhere. Don’t get me wrong, Grundy + Gawn is a lock for me and being pretty unique suits me fine, just curious is all. Theres a few players that in my opinion are under priced by 10 points or more (ROB, Lycett, Jacobs). Plan would be to run one of these guys and upgrade to Gawn towards the byes. Gawns injury is a worry, especially if he gets off to a slow start. You never know ROB or Lycett could average 105+, very optimistic prediction though.. If you have any doubts as to Grundy and Gawn. Look at their numbers last year, and then the year before. Both are aerobic beasts. Dont even understand why this is a talking point.If Gawn laces up the boots for round 1 he is a lock. There is so much value on other lines. Good Luck. Pick 2: Macrae J.Kelly Treloar Taranto Gaff T.Kelly Cripps Danger Yeo i cannot decide out of the top three, they are on another level. would look at the draw and check on who has the easiest first three games. Macrae 115-120 Kelly 115-120 Treloar 108-113 Taranto 105-110 Gaff 107-112 T.Kelly 100-105 Cripps 100-105 Danger 110-115 Yeo 100-105 Based off that, and factoring in durability, I’d go Macrae and Danger Take it you’ve already got Dunkley? Because I see him around 120 this year and a top 3 mid Hold the phone. Is that Jamie Cripps or Patrick Cripps. Thank both will go 110 plus this year. DEF: Laird, Houston, Doch, Roberton, Young, Gould (Starcevich, McLennan) MID: Macrae, Dunkley, Oliver, Cogs, Titch, Rowell, Serong, Pickett (McHenry, Valente) RUC: Grundy, Sauce (Cameron) FWD: Whitfield, Dusty, Brayshaw, Flanders, Townsend, Rankine (Cavarra, King) UTL: Bytel $147k Remaining Oliver to Danger lipinski in as FWD 3 or Z williams DEF 1? Neither Gaff or danger Danger 5CCZYEUS. League code to join DEF Laird, Houston, Doch, Young, Gould, Starcevich (McLennan, Goddard) MID Macrae, Treloar, Cripps, Cogs, Mitchell, Towell, Pickett (Stephens, Bytel) RUC Grundy, Jacobs (Meek) FWD Whitfield, Dusty, Smith, Cockatoo, Cavarra, Rankine (Townsend, King) UTL: Cameron $31,000 in the bank Thoughts and any improvements needed no midpricers is brave analysing past winners they have all been successful at nailing that undervalued player I feel like a set up like this leads to trading premo’s to that midpricer that is generating cash and then you’ve wasted a trade by flipping a premium. Guns and Rooks has been effective in the past but I don’t feel to the same degree over recent years The mid-price madness is the way to go now. DEF: Houston, Clark, doc, Roberton, ash, young (Gould, starcevich) MID: Macrae, Treloar, Oliver, titch, ward, Rowell, Robertson, Pickett (McHenry, serong) RUCK: grundy, Rob (Cameron) FWD: Whitfield, Martin, Brayshaw, Townsend, Flanders, Rankine( king, Ross) UTL: mead 108k left Get off Ash, He will play 10 games at most, I’d go Treloar to Dunkley and Oliver to Danger/Cogs DEF: Lloyd, Houston, Docherty, Roberton, Young, Gould (McLennan, Goddard) MID: Macrae, Treloar, Cripps, Mitchell, Ward, Rowell, Anderson, Pickett (McHenry, Bytel) RUCK: Grundy, ROB (Draper) FWD: Whitfield, Dawson, Greenwood, Jones, Townsend, Cockatoo (King, Rankine) UTL: Starcevich Cash: $1k Thoughts on my team and improvements before Marsh cup, did hear rumors that Ward and Cockatoo might not be right for round 1 Go Treloar to Dunkley, Lloyd to Laird/Houli (Laird for me) DEF: Sicily, Docherty, Cerra, Roberton, Young, Gould (Thompson, Ling) MID: Treloar, Coniglio, Dangerfield, Rockliff, Mitchell, Bonar, Rowell, Pickett (McHenry, Valente) RUC: Grundy, Natinui (Cameron/Draper) FWD: Whitfield, D Martin, J Martin, Brayshaw, Townsend, Cockatoo (King, Rankine) UTL: Bytel Rookies subject to change pending Marsh Cup results. Chasing some value with what i believe are a couple of underpriced players as well. Thoughts appreciated Thanks I’d try fit Houston in there, I like Macrae more than Treloar, and Nic Nat’s far to risky, Pick 1 Dusty Jack steven Jack Martin Brodie Smith Blakely Dusty or Smith Dusty given his early season fixture Best combo 1. Jack Steven, Jacob Dawson, Stephen hill and Rankin Or 2. Dusty, Stephen hill, Patton and townsend? 1 or 2 1 But I’m not on the Townsend hype, I see him going 50s at best. And if he lines up in the square as an inside mid.? Will this change you mind. It will for me, if he really does get the role lock and load for 80 odd average but is wait and see for now. 2
